{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs18 The following information applies to third-party software and IP that is included along with Xilinx software.\par
\par
License Agreements:\par
\par
1) GNU GPL License\par
2) GNU LGPL License\par
3) GNU Free Documentation License\par
4) Newlib License\par
5) Eclipse Public License\par
6) Adobe SVG Viewer License\par
7) IBM License for third parties\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GNU General Public License\par
================================================================================\par
\tab\tab     GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
\tab\tab        Version 2, June 1991\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA\par
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab     Preamble\par
\par
  The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to share and change it.  By contrast, the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.  This General Public License applies to most of the Free Software\par
Foundation's software and to any other program whose authors commit to using it.  (Some other Free Software Foundation software is covered by the GNU Library General Public License instead.)  You can apply it to\par
your programs, too.\par
\par
  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for\par
this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.\par
\par
  To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights. These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it.\par
\par
  For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that you have.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the\par
source code.  And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.\par
\par
  We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the software, and (2) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy,distribute and/or modify the software. Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free software.  If the software is modified by someone else and passed on, we want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original, so that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on the original authors' reputations.\par
\par
  Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software patents.  We wish to avoid the danger that redistributors of a free program will individually obtain patent licenses, in effect making the program proprietary.  To prevent this, we have made it clear that any patent must be licensed for everyone's free use or not licensed at all.\par
\par
  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification follow.\par
\par
\par
\tab\tab     GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION\par
\par
  0. This License applies to any program or other work which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed under the terms of this General Public License.  The "Program", below,refers to any such program or work, and a "work based on the Program" means either the Program or any derivative work under copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Program or a portion of it,either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated into another language.  (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in the term "modification".)  Each licensee is addressed as "you".\par
\par
Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of running the Program is not restricted, and the output from the Program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the Program (independent of having been made by running the Program).\par
Whether that is true depends on what the Program does.\par
\par
  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty;and give any other recipients of the Program a copy of this License\par
along with the Program.\par
\par
You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.\par
\par
  2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion of it, thus forming a work based on the Program, and copy and distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:\par
\par
    a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.\par
\par
    b) You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.\par
\par
    c) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively when run, you must cause it, when started running for such interactive use in the most ordinary way, to print or display an announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a notice that there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide a warranty) and that users may redistribute the program under these conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this License.  (Exception: if the Program itself is interactive but does not normally print such an announcement, your work based on the Program is not required to print an announcement.)\par
\par
These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Program, and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you\par
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based on the Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.\par
\par
Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or collective works based on the Program.\par
\par
In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program with the Program (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this License.\par
\par
  3. You may copy and distribute the Program (or a work based on it,under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:\par
\par
    a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,\par
\par
    b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three years, to give any third party, for a charge no more than your cost of physically performing source distribution, a complete machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,\par
\par
    c) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer to distribute corresponding source code.  (This alternative is allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you received the program in object code or executable form with such an offer, in accord with Subsection b above.)\par
\par
The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it.  For an executable work, complete source code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation and installation of the executable.  However, as a special exception, the source code distributed need not include anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies the executable.\par
\par
If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the source code from the same place counts as distribution of the source code, even though third parties are not compelled to copy the source along with the object code.\par
\par
  4. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program except as expressly provided under this License.  Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License. However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.\par
\par
  5. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or distribute the Program or its derivative works.  These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by modifying or distributing the Program (or any work based on the Program), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying the Program or works based on it.\par
\par
  6. Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the Program), the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to this License.\par
\par
  7. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues), conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not distribute the Program at all.  For example, if a patent license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Program by\par
all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from distribution of the Program.\par
\par
If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.\par
\par
It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free software distribution system, which is implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that system in reliance on consistent application of that system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that choice.\par
\par
This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be a consequence of the rest of this License.\par
\par
  8. If the distribution and/or use of the Program is restricted in certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the original copyright holder who places the Program under this License may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if written in the body of this License.\par
\par
  9. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the General Public License from time to time.  Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.\par
\par
Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Program specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.  If the Program does not specify a version number of this License, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
  10. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free programs whose distribution conditions are different, write to the author to ask for permission.  For software which is copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this.  Our decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab     NO WARRANTY\par
\par
  11. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.\par
\par
  12. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES,INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED\par
TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\par
\par
\tab\tab      END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
\tab     How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs\par
\par
  If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest possible use to the public, the best way to achieve this is to make it free software which everyone can redistribute and change under these terms.\par
\par
  To do so, attach the following notices to the program.  It is safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.\par
\par
    <one line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.>\par
    Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>\par
\par
    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA\par
\par
\par
Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.\par
\par
If the program is interactive, make it output a short notice like this when it starts in an interactive mode:\par
\par
    Gnomovision version 69, Copyright (C) year name of author\par
    Gnomovision comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details type `show w'.\par
    This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it\par
    under certain conditions; type `show c' for details.\par
\par
The hypothetical commands `show w' and `show c' should show the appropriate parts of the General Public License.  Of course, the commands you use may be called something other than `show w' and `show c'; they could even be mouse-clicks or menu items--whatever suits your program.\par
\par
You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the program, if necessary.  Here is a sample; alter the names:\par
\par
  Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the program\par
  `Gnomovision' (which makes passes at compilers) written by James Hacker.\par
\par
  <signature of Ty Coon>, 1 April 1989\par
  Ty Coon, President of Vice\par
\par
This General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into proprietary programs.  If your program is a subroutine library, you may consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with the library.  If this is what you want to do, use the GNU Library General Public License instead of this License.\par
\par
Xilinx Note:\par
Some programs covered by the GPL have been created/enhanced/modified by Xilinx, Inc.,  to support Xilinx FPGAs. \par
The source code for these programs is available at\par
http://www.xilinx.com/guest_resources/gnu/\par
\par
\par
\par
Lesser General Public License\par
================================================================================\par
\par
\tab\tab   GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
\tab\tab        Version 2.1, February 1999\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 1991, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
     59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA\par
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
\par
[This is the first released version of the Lesser GPL.  It also counts as the successor of the GNU Library Public License, version 2, hence the version number 2.1.]\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab     Preamble\par
\par
  The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to share and change it.  By contrast, the GNU General Public Licenses are intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.\par
\par
  This license, the Lesser General Public License, applies to some specially designated software packages--typically libraries--of the Free Software Foundation and other authors who decide to use it.  You can use it too, but we suggest you first think carefully about whether this license or the ordinary General Public License is the better strategy to use in any particular case, based on the explanations below.\par
\par
  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom of use,not price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for this service if you wish); that you receive source code or can get it if you want it; that you can change the software and use pieces of it in new free programs; and that you are informed that you can do these things.\par
\par
  To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid distributors to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender these rights.  These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you distribute copies of the library or if you modify it.\par
\par
  For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave you.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source code.  If you link other code with the library, you must provide complete object files to the recipients, so that they can relink them with the library after making changes to the library and recompiling it.  And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.\par
\par
  We protect your rights with a two-step method: (1) we copyright the library, and (2) we offer you this license, which gives you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the library.\par
\par
  To protect each distributor, we want to make it very clear that there is no warranty for the free library.  Also, if the library is modified by someone else and passed on, the recipients should know that what they have is not the original version, so that the original author's reputation will not be affected by problems that might be introduced by others.\par
\par
  Finally, software patents pose a constant threat to the existence of any free program.  We wish to make sure that a company cannot effectively restrict the users of a free program by obtaining a restrictive license from a patent holder.  Therefore, we insist that any patent license obtained for a version of the library must be consistent with the full freedom of use specified in this license.\par
\par
  Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the ordinary GNU General Public License.  This license, the GNU Lesser General Public License, applies to certain designated libraries, and is quite different from the ordinary General Public License.  We use this license for certain libraries in order to permit linking those libraries into non-free programs.\par
\par
  When a program is linked with a library, whether statically or using\par
a shared library, the combination of the two is legally speaking a combined work, a derivative of the original library.  The ordinary General Public License therefore permits such linking only if the entire combination fits its criteria of freedom.  The Lesser General Public License permits more lax criteria for linking other code with the library.\par
\par
  We call this license the "Lesser" General Public License because it does Less to protect the user's freedom than the ordinary General Public License.  It also provides other free software developers Less of an advantage over competing non-free programs.  These disadvantages are the reason we use the ordinary General Public License for many libraries.  However, the Lesser license provides advantages in certain special circumstances.\par
\par
  For example, on rare occasions, there may be a special need to encourage the widest possible use of a certain library, so that it becomes a de-facto standard.  To achieve this, non-free programs must be allowed to use the library.  A more frequent case is that a free library does the same job as widely used non-free libraries.  In this case, there is little to gain by limiting the free library to free software only, so we use the Lesser General Public License.\par
\par
  In other cases, permission to use a particular library in non-free programs enables a greater number of people to use a large body of free software.  For example, permission to use the GNU C Library in non-free programs enables many more people to use the whole GNU operating system, as well as its variant, the GNU/Linux operating system.\par
\par
  Although the Lesser General Public License is Less protective of the users' freedom, it does ensure that the user of a program that is linked with the Library has the freedom and the wherewithal to run that program using a modified version of the Library.\par
\par
  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification follow.  Pay close attention to the difference between a "work based on the library" and a "work that uses the library".  The former contains code derived from the library, whereas the latter must be combined with the library in order to run.\par
\par
\tab\tab   GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION\par
\par
  0. This License Agreement applies to any software library or other program which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or other authorized party saying it may be distributed under the terms of this Lesser General Public License (also called "this License"). Each licensee is addressed as "you".\par
\par
  A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs (which use some of those functions and data) to form executables.\par
\par
  The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work which has been distributed under these terms.  A "work based on the Library" means either the Library or any derivative work under copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Library or a portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated straightforwardly into another language.  (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in the term "modification".)\par
\par
  "Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it.  For a library, complete source code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation and installation of the library.\par
\par
  Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of running a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from such a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for writing it).  Whether that is true depends on what the Library does and what the program that uses the Library does.\par
  \par
  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's complete source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty; and distribute a copy of this License along with the Library.\par
\par
  You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy,and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.\par
\par
  2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion of it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:\par
\par
    a) The modified work must itself be a software library.\par
\par
    b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.\par
\par
    c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.\par
\par
    d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility is invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure that,in the event an application does not supply such function or\par
    table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of its purpose remains meaningful.\par
\par
    (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the application.  Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any application-supplied function or table used by this function must be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square root function must still compute square roots.)\par
\par
These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library, and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.\par
\par
Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or collective works based on the Library.\par
\par
In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this License.\par
\par
  3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library.  To do this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2, instead of to this License.  (If a newer version than version 2 of the ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify that version instead if you wish.)  Do not make any other change in these notices.\par
\par
  Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for that copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy.\par
\par
  This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of the Library into a program that is not a library.\par
\par
  4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or derivative of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange.\par
\par
  If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the source code from the same place satisfies the requirement to distribute the source code, even though third parties are not compelled to copy the source along with the object code.\par
\par
  5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the Library, but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or linked with it, is called a "work that uses the Library".  Such a work, in isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and therefore falls outside the scope of this License.\par
\par
  However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it contains portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the library".  The executable is therefore covered by this License. Section 6 states terms for distribution of such executables.\par
\par
  When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not. Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be linked without the Library, or if the work is itself a library.  The threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law.\par
\par
  If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data structure layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of the object file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative work.  (Executables containing this object code plus portions of the Library will still fall under Section 6.)\par
\par
  Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6. Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6, whether or not they are linked directly with the Library itself.\par
\par
  6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also combine or link a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a work containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work under terms of your choice, provided that the terms permit modification of the work for the customer's own use and reverse\par
engineering for debugging such modifications.\par
\par
  You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by this License.  You must supply a copy of this License.  If the work during execution displays copyright notices, you must include the copyright notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference directing the user to the copy of this License.  Also, you must do one of these things:\par
\par
    a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified executable containing the modified Library.  (It is understood that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application\par
    to use the modified definitions.)\par
\par
    b) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the Library.  A suitable mechanism is one that (1) uses at run time a copy of the library already present on the user's computer system,rather than copying library functions into the executable, and (2)will operate properly with a modified version of the library, if the user installs one, as long as the modified version is interface-compatible with the version that the work was made with.\par
\par
    c) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at least three years, to give the same user the materials specified in Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more than the cost of performing this distribution.\par
\par
    d) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above specified materials from the same place.\par
\par
    e) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.\par
\par
  For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for reproducing the executable from it.  However, as a special exception, the materials to be distributed need not include anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies the executable.\par
\par
  It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally accompany the operating system.  Such a contradiction means you cannot use both them and the Library together in an executable that you distribute.\par
\par
  7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the Library side-by-side in a single library together with other library facilities not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined library, provided that the separate distribution of the work based on the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise permitted, and provided that you do these two things:\par
\par
    a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work based on the Library, uncombined with any other library facilities.  This must be distributed under the terms of the Sections above.\par
\par
    b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.\par
\par
  8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute the Library except as expressly provided under this License.  Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute the Library is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License.  However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.\par
\par
  9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or distribute the Library or its derivative works.  These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying\par
the Library or works based on it.\par
\par
  10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library subject to these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with this License.\par
\par
  11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not distribute the Library at all.  For example, if a patent license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from distribution of the Library.\par
\par
If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply,and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.\par
\par
It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free software distribution system which is implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made\par
generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that system in reliance on consistent application of that system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that choice.\par
\par
This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be a consequence of the rest of this License.\par
\par
  12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if written in the body of this License.\par
\par
  13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the Lesser General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version,but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.\par
\par
Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Library specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.  If the Library does not specify a license version number, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
  14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these, write to the author to ask for permission.  For software which is copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this.  Our decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab     NO WARRANTY\par
\par
  15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.\par
\par
  16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\par
\par
\tab\tab      END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
           How to Apply These Terms to Your New Libraries\par
\par
  If you develop a new library, and you want it to be of the greatest possible use to the public, we recommend making it free software that everyone can redistribute and change.  You can do so by permitting redistribution under these terms (or, alternatively, under the terms of the ordinary General Public License).\par
\par
  To apply these terms, attach the following notices to the library.  It is safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively\par
convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.\par
\par
    <one line to give the library's name and a brief idea of what it does.>\par
    Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>\par
\par
    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
    This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
\par
    You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA\par
\par
Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.\par
\par
You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the library, if\par
necessary.  Here is a sample; alter the names:\par
\par
  Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the\par
  library `Frob' (a library for tweaking knobs) written by James Random Hacker.\par
\par
  <signature of Ty Coon>, 1 April 1990\par
  Ty Coon, President of Vice\par
\par
That's all there is to it!\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GNU Free Documentaion License\par
====================================================================\par
\tab\tab GNU Free Documentation License\par
\tab\tab    Version 1.1, March 2000\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 2000  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
     59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA\par
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
\par
\par
0. PREAMBLE\par
\par
The purpose of this License is to make a manual, textbook, or other written document "free" in the sense of freedom: to assure everyone the effective freedom to copy and redistribute it, with or without modifying it, either commercially or noncommercially.  Secondarily, this License preserves for the author and publisher a way to get credit for their work, while not being considered responsible for modifications made by others.\par
\par
This License is a kind of "copyleft", which means that derivative works of the document must themselves be free in the same sense.  It complements the GNU General Public License, which is a copyleft license designed for free software.\par
\par
We have designed this License in order to use it for manuals for free software, because free software needs free documentation: a free program should come with manuals providing the same freedoms that the software does.  But this License is not limited to software manuals; it can be used for any textual work, regardless of subject matter or whether it is published as a printed book.  We recommend this License principally for works whose purpose is instruction or reference.\par
\par
\par
1. APPLICABILITY AND DEFINITIONS\par
\par
This License applies to any manual or other work that contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it can be distributed under the terms of this License.  The "Document", below, refers to any such manual or work.  Any member of the public is a licensee, and is addressed as "you".\par
\par
A "Modified Version" of the Document means any work containing the Document or a portion of it, either copied verbatim, or with modifications and/or translated into another language.\par
\par
A "Secondary Section" is a named appendix or a front-matter section of the Document that deals exclusively with the relationship of the publishers or authors of the Document to the Document's overall subject (or to related matters) and contains nothing that could fall directly within that overall subject.  (For example, if the Document is in part a textbook of mathematics, a Secondary Section may not explain any mathematics.)  The relationship could be a matter of historical connection with the subject or with related matters, or of legal, commercial, philosophical, ethical or political position regarding them.\par
\par
The "Invariant Sections" are certain Secondary Sections whose titles are designated, as being those of Invariant Sections, in the notice that says that the Document is released under this License.\par
\par
The "Cover Texts" are certain short passages of text that are listed,as Front-Cover Texts or Back-Cover Texts, in the notice that says that the Document is released under this License.\par
\par
A "Transparent" copy of the Document means a machine-readable copy,represented in a format whose specification is available to the general public, whose contents can be viewed and edited directly and straightforwardly with generic text editors or (for images composed of pixels) generic paint programs or (for drawings) some widely available drawing editor, and that is suitable for input to text formatters or for automatic translation to a variety of formats suitable for input\par
to text formatters.  A copy made in an otherwise Transparent file format whose markup has been designed to thwart or discourage subsequent modification by readers is not Transparent.  A copy that is not "Transparent" is called "Opaque".\par
\par
Examples of suitable formats for Transparent copies include plain ASCII without markup, Texinfo input format, LaTeX input format, SGML or XML using a publicly available DTD, and standard-conforming simple HTML designed for human modification.  Opaque formats include PostScript, PDF, proprietary formats that can be read and edited only by proprietary word processors, SGML or XML for which the DTD and/or processing tools are not generally available, and the\par
machine-generated HTML produced by some word processors for output purposes only.\par
\par
The "Title Page" means, for a printed book, the title page itself,plus such following pages as are needed to hold, legibly, the material this License requires to appear in the title page.  For works in formats which do not have any title page as such, "Title Page" means the text near the most prominent appearance of the work's title, preceding the beginning of the body of the text.\par
\par
\par
2. VERBATIM COPYING\par
\par
You may copy and distribute the Document in any medium, either commercially or noncommercially, provided that this License, the copyright notices, and the license notice saying this License applies to the Document are reproduced in all copies, and that you add no other conditions whatsoever to those of this License.  You may not use technical measures to obstruct or control the reading or further copying of the copies you make or distribute.  However, you may accept compensation in exchange for copies.  If you distribute a large enough number of copies you must also follow the conditions in section 3.\par
\par
You may also lend copies, under the same conditions stated above, and you may publicly display copies.\par
\par
\par
3. COPYING IN QUANTITY\par
\par
If you publish printed copies of the Document numbering more than 100, and the Document's license notice requires Cover Texts, you must enclose the copies in covers that carry, clearly and legibly, all these Cover Texts: Front-Cover Texts on the front cover, and Back-Cover Texts on the back cover.  Both covers must also clearly and legibly identify you as the publisher of these copies.  The front cover must present the full title with all words of the title equally prominent and visible.  You may add other material on the covers in addition. Copying with changes limited to the covers, as long as they preserve the title of the Document and satisfy these conditions, can be treated as verbatim copying in other respects.\par
\par
If the required texts for either cover are too voluminous to fit legibly, you should put the first ones listed (as many as fit reasonably) on the actual cover, and continue the rest onto adjacent pages.\par
\par
If you publish or distribute Opaque copies of the Document numbering more than 100, you must either include a machine-readable Transparent copy along with each Opaque copy, or state in or with each Opaque copy a publicly-accessible computer-network location containing a complete Transparent copy of the Document, free of added material, which the general network-using public has access to download anonymously at no charge using public-standard network protocols.  If you use the latter option, you must take reasonably prudent steps, when you begin distribution of Opaque copies in quantity, to ensure that this Transparent copy will remain thus accessible at the stated location until at least one year after the last time you distribute an Opaque copy (directly or through your agents or retailers) of that edition to the public.\par
\par
It is requested, but not required, that you contact the authors of the Document well before redistributing any large number of copies, to give them a chance to provide you with an updated version of the Document.\par
\par
\par
4. MODIFICATIONS\par
\par
You may copy and distribute a Modified Version of the Document under the conditions of sections 2 and 3 above, provided that you release the Modified Version under precisely this License, with the Modified Version filling the role of the Document, thus licensing distribution and modification of the Modified Version to whoever possesses a copy of it.  In addition, you must do these things in the Modified Version:\par
\par
A. Use in the Title Page (and on the covers, if any) a title distinct from that of the Document, and from those of previous versions (which should, if there were any, be listed in the History section of the Document).  You may use the same title as a previous version if the original publisher of that version gives permission.\par
B. List on the Title Page, as authors, one or more persons or entities responsible for authorship of the modifications in the Modified Version, together with at least five of the principal authors of the Document (all of its principal authors, if it has less than five).\par
C. State on the Title page the name of the publisher of the Modified Version, as the publisher.\par
D. Preserve all the copyright notices of the Document.\par
E. Add an appropriate copyright notice for your modifications adjacent to the other copyright notices.\par
F. Include, immediately after the copyright notices, a license notice giving the public permission to use the Modified Version under the terms of this License, in the form shown in the Addendum below.\par
G. Preserve in that license notice the full lists of Invariant Sections and required Cover Texts given in the Document's license notice.\par
H. Include an unaltered copy of this License.\par
I. Preserve the section entitled "History", and its title, and add to it an item stating at least the title, year, new authors, and publisher of the Modified Version as given on the Title Page.  If there is no section entitled "History" in the Document, create one stating the title, year, authors, and publisher of the Document as given on its Title Page, then add an item describing the Modified Version as stated in the previous sentence.\par
J. Preserve the network location, if any, given in the Document for public access to a Transparent copy of the Document, and likewise the network locations given in the Document for previous versions it was based on.  These may be placed in the "History" section. You may omit a network location for a work that was published at least four years before the Document itself, or if the original publisher of the version it refers to gives permission.\par
K. In any section entitled "Acknowledgements" or "Dedications",preserve the section's title, and preserve in the section all the substance and tone of each of the contributor acknowledgements and/or dedications given therein.\par
L. Preserve all the Invariant Sections of the Document, unaltered in their text and in their titles.  Section numbers or the equivalent are not considered part of the section titles.\par
M. Delete any section entitled "Endorsements".  Such a section may not be included in the Modified Version.\par
N. Do not retitle any existing section as "Endorsements" or to conflict in title with any Invariant Section.\par
\par
If the Modified Version includes new front-matter sections or appendices that qualify as Secondary Sections and contain no material copied from the Document, you may at your option designate some or all of these sections as invariant.  To do this, add their titles to the list of Invariant Sections in the Modified Version's license notice.\par
These titles must be distinct from any other section titles.\par
\par
You may add a section entitled "Endorsements", provided it contains nothing but endorsements of your Modified Version by various parties--for example, statements of peer review or that the text has been approved by an organization as the authoritative definition of a standard.\par
\par
You may add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text, and a passage of up to 25 words as a Back-Cover Text, to the end of the list of Cover Texts in the Modified Version.  Only one passage of Front-Cover Text and one of Back-Cover Text may be added by (or through arrangements made by) any one entity.  If the Document already includes a cover text for the same cover, previously added by you or by arrangement made by the same entity you are acting on behalf of, you may not add another; but you may replace the old one, on explicit permission from the previous publisher that added the old one.\par
\par
The author(s) and publisher(s) of the Document do not by this License give permission to use their names for publicity for or to assert or imply endorsement of any Modified Version.\par
\par
\par
5. COMBINING DOCUMENTS\par
\par
You may combine the Document with other documents released under this License, under the terms defined in section 4 above for modified versions, provided that you include in the combination all of the Invariant Sections of all of the original documents, unmodified, and list them all as Invariant Sections of your combined work in its license notice.\par
\par
The combined work need only contain one copy of this License, and multiple identical Invariant Sections may be replaced with a single copy.  If there are multiple Invariant Sections with the same name but different contents, make the title of each such section unique by adding at the end of it, in parentheses, the name of the original author or publisher of that section if known, or else a unique number. Make the same adjustment to the section titles in the list of\par
Invariant Sections in the license notice of the combined work.\par
\par
In the combination, you must combine any sections entitled "History" in the various original documents, forming one section entitled "History"; likewise combine any sections entitled "Acknowledgements", and any sections entitled "Dedications".  You must delete all sections entitled "Endorsements."\par
\par
\par
6. COLLECTIONS OF DOCUMENTS\par
\par
You may make a collection consisting of the Document and other documents released under this License, and replace the individual copies of this License in the various documents with a single copy that is included in the collection, provided that you follow the rules of this License for verbatim copying of each of the documents in all other respects.\par
\par
You may extract a single document from such a collection, and distribute it individually under this License, provided you insert a copy of this License into the extracted document, and follow this License in all other respects regarding verbatim copying of that document.\par
\par
\par
7. AGGREGATION WITH INDEPENDENT WORKS\par
\par
A compilation of the Document or its derivatives with other separate and independent documents or works, in or on a volume of a storage or distribution medium, does not as a whole count as a Modified Version of the Document, provided no compilation copyright is claimed for the compilation.  Such a compilation is called an "aggregate", and this License does not apply to the other self-contained works thus compiled with the Document, on account of their being thus compiled, if they are not themselves derivative works of the Document.\par
\par
If the Cover Text requirement of section 3 is applicable to these copies of the Document, then if the Document is less than one quarter of the entire aggregate, the Document's Cover Texts may be placed on covers that surround only the Document within the aggregate. Otherwise they must appear on covers around the whole aggregate.\par
\par
\par
8. TRANSLATION\par
\par
Translation is considered a kind of modification, so you may distribute translations of the Document under the terms of section 4. Replacing Invariant Sections with translations requires special permission from their copyright holders, but you may include translations of some or all Invariant Sections in addition to the original versions of these Invariant Sections.  You may include a translation of this License provided that you also include the original English version of this License.  In case of a disagreement between the translation and the original English version of this License, the original English version will prevail.\par
\par
\par
9. TERMINATION\par
\par
You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Document except as expressly provided for under this License.  Any other attempt to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Document is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License.  However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.\par
\par
\par
10. FUTURE REVISIONS OF THIS LICENSE\par
\par
The Free Software Foundation may publish new, revised versions of the GNU Free Documentation License from time to time.  Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.  See http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/.\par
\par
Each version of the License is given a distinguishing version number.If the Document specifies that a particular numbered version of this License "or any later version" applies to it, you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that specified version or of any later version that has been published (not as a draft) by the Free Software Foundation.  If the Document does not specify a version number of this License, you may choose any version ever published (not as a draft) by the Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
\par
ADDENDUM: How to use this License for your documents\par
\par
To use this License in a document you have written, include a copy of the License in the document and put the following copyright and license notices just after the title page:\par
\par
      Copyright (c)  YEAR  YOUR NAME.\par
      Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.1 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with the Invariant Sections being LIST THEIR TITLES, with the Front-Cover Texts being LIST, and with the Back-Cover Texts being LIST. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU Free Documentation License".\par
\par
If you have no Invariant Sections, write "with no Invariant Sections" instead of saying which ones are invariant.  If you have no Front-Cover Texts, write "no Front-Cover Texts" instead of "Front-Cover Texts being LIST"; likewise for Back-Cover Texts.\par
\par
If your document contains nontrivial examples of program code, we recommend releasing these examples in parallel under your choice of free software license, such as the GNU General Public License, to permit their use in free software.\par
\par
\par
\par
Newlib License\par
================================================================================\par
\par
The newlib library is a collection of software functions from several sources. This document represents a collection of all the copyright notices provided by the individual contributors to newlib.\par
\par
(1) University of California, Berkeley\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation, advertising materials, and other materials related to such distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed by the University of California, Berkeley.  The name of the University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
(2) DJ Delorie\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1991 DJ Delorie, 24 Kirsten Ave, Rochester NH 03867-2954\par
\par
This file is distributed under the terms listed in the document "copying.dj", available from DJ Delorie at the address above. A copy of "copying.dj" should accompany this file; if not, a copy should be available from where this file was obtained.  This file may not be distributed without a verbatim copy of "copying.dj".\par
\par
This file is distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied\par
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
(3) David M. Gay at AT&T\par
\par
The author of this software is David M. Gay.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991 by AT&T.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting documentation for such software.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY.  IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
(4) Advanced Micro Devices\par
\par
Copyright 1989, 1990 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.\par
\par
This software is the property of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc  (AMD) which specifically  grants the user the right to modify, use and distribute\par
this software provided this notice is not removed or altered.  All other rights are reserved by AMD.\par
\par
AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE,OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
So that all may benefit from your experience, please report any problems or suggestions about this software to the 29K Technical Support Center at\par
800-29-29-AMD (800-292-9263) in the USA, or 0800-89-1131 in the UK, or 0031-11-1129 in Japan, toll free.  The direct dial number is 512-462-4118.\par
\par
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.\par
29K Support Products\par
Mail Stop 573\par
5900 E. Ben White Blvd.\par
Austin, TX 78741\par
800-292-9263\par
\par
(5) C.W. Sandmann\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 C.W. Sandmann\par
\par
This file may be freely distributed as long as the author's name\par
remains.\par
\par
(6) Eric Backus\par
\par
(C) Copyright 1992 Eric Backus\par
\par
This software may be used freely so long as this copyright notice is left intact.  There is no warrantee on this software.\par
\par
(7) Sun Microsystems\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Developed at SunPro, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business. Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software is freely granted, provided that this notice is preserved.\par
\par
(8) Hewlett Packard\par
\par
(c) Copyright 1986 HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY\par
\par
To anyone who acknowledges that this file is provided "AS IS" without any express or implied warranty:permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this file for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice and this notice appears in all copies, and that the name of Hewlett-Packard Company not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific, written prior permission. Hewlett-Packard Company makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose.\par
\par
(9) Unless otherwise stated in each remaining newlib file, the remaining\par
\par
files in the newlib subdirectory are governed by the following copyright.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994, 1997 Cygnus Solutions.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation, advertising materials, and other materials related to such distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed at Cygnus Solutions.  Cygnus Solutions may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
\par
\par
Eclipse license\par
============================================================================\par
Eclipse Public License - Version 1.0Eclipse Public License - v 1.0 \par
\par
THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS ECLIPSE PUBLIC \par
LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM \par
CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT. \par
1. DEFINITIONS \par
"Contribution" means: \par
a) in the case of the initial Contributor, the initial code and documentation \par
distributed under this Agreement, and\par
b) in the case of each subsequent Contributor:\par
i) changes to the Program, and\par
ii) additions to the Program;\par
where such changes and/or additions to the Program originate from and are distributed by that particular Contributor. A Contribution 'originates' from a \par
Contributor if it was added to the Program by such Contributor itself or anyone acting on such Contributor's behalf. Contributions do not include additions to the Program which: (i) are separate modules of software distributed in conjunction with the Program under their own license agreement, and (ii) are not \par
derivative works of the Program. "Contributor" means any person or entity that distributes the Program. "Licensed Patents " mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor which are necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or when combined with the Program. "Program" means the Contributions distributed in accordance with this Agreement. \par
\par
"Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this Agreement, \par
including all Contributors. \par
2. GRANT OF RIGHTS \par
a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, distribute and sublicense the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, and such derivative works, in source code and object code form.\par
b) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under Licensed \par
Patents to make, use, sell, offer to sell, import and otherwise transfer the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, in source code and object code form. \par
This patent license shall apply to the combination of the Contribution and the Program if, at the time the Contribution is added by the Contributor, such \par
addition of the Contribution causes such combination to be covered by the Licensed Patents. The patent license shall not apply to any other combinations \par
which include the Contribution. No hardware per se is licensed hereunder. \par
c) Recipient understands that although each Contributor grants the licenses to its Contributions set forth herein, no assurances are provided by any \par
Contributor that the Program does not infringe the patent or other intellectual property rights of any other entity. Each Contributor disclaims any liability to Recipient for claims brought by any other entity based on infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise. As a condition to exercising the \par
rights and licenses granted hereunder, each Recipient hereby assumes sole responsibility to secure any other intellectual property rights needed, if any. \par
For example, if a third party patent license is required to allow Recipient to distribute the Program, it is Recipient's responsibility to acquire that license before distributing the Program.\par
d) Each Contributor represents that to its knowledge it has sufficient copyright rights in its Contribution, if any, to grant the copyright license set forth in this Agreement. \par
3. REQUIREMENTS \par
A Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form under its own license agreement, provided that: \par
a) it complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and\par
b) its license agreement:\par
i) effectively disclaims on behalf of all Contributors all warranties and conditions, express and implied, including warranties or conditions of title and \par
non-infringement, and implied warranties or conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose; \par
ii) effectively excludes on behalf of all Contributors all liability for damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental and consequential \par
damages, such as lost profits; \par
iii) states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement are offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other party; and\par
iv) states that source code for the Program is available from such Contributor, and informs licensees how to obtain it in a reasonable manner on or through a \par
medium customarily used for software exchange. When the Program is made available in source code form: \par
a) it must be made available under this Agreement; and \par
b) a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the Program. \par
Contributors may not remove or alter any copyright notices contained within the Program. Each Contributor must identify itself as the originator of its Contribution, if any, in a manner that reasonably allows subsequent Recipients to identify the originator of the Contribution. \par
4. COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION \par
Commercial distributors of software may accept certain responsibilities with respect to end users, business partners and the like. While this license is \par
intended to facilitate the commercial use of the Program, the Contributor who includes the Program in a commercial product offering should do so in a manner \par
which does not create potential liability for other Contributors. Therefore, if a Contributor includes the Program in a commercial product offering, such \par
Contributor ("Commercial Contributor") hereby agrees to defend and indemnify every other Contributor ("Indemnified Contributor") against any losses, damages \par
and costs (collectively "Losses") arising from claims, lawsuits and other legal actions brought by a third party against the Indemnified Contributor to the \par
extent caused by the acts or omissions of such Commercial Contributor in connection with its distribution of the Program in a commercial product \par
offering. The obligations in this section do not apply to any claims or Losses relating to any actual or alleged intellectual property infringement. In order \par
to qualify, an Indemnified Contributor must: a) promptly notify the Commercial Contributor in writing of such claim, and b) allow the Commercial Contributor to control, and cooperate with the Commercial Contributor in, the defense and any related settlement negotiations. The Indemnified Contributor may articipate in any such claim at its own expense. \par
For example, a Contributor might include the Program in a commercial product offering, Product X. That Contributor is then a Commercial Contributor. If that \par
Commercial Contributor then makes performance claims, or offers warranties related to Product X, those performance claims and warranties are such \par
Commercial Contributor's responsibility alone. Under this section, the Commercial Contributor would have to defend claims against the other \par
Contributors related to those performance claims and warranties, and if a court requires any other Contributor to pay any damages as a result, the Commercial \par
Contributor must pay those damages. \par
5. NO WARRANTY \par
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR \par
IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each \par
Recipient is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and distributing the Program and assumes all risks associated with its exercise of rights under this Agreement , including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and unavailability or interruption of operations. \par
6. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY \par
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, \par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, \par
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS \par
GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. \par
7. GENERAL \par
If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms of this Agreement, and without further action by the parties hereto, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make such \par
provision valid and enforceable. \par
If Recipient institutes patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Program itself (excluding combinations of the Program with other software or hardware) infringes such Recipient's patent(s), then such Recipient's rights granted under \par
Section 2(b) shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed. All Recipient's rights under this Agreement shall terminate if it fails to \par
comply with any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and does not cure such failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming aware of \par
such noncompliance. If all Recipient's rights under this Agreement terminate, Recipient agrees to cease use and distribution of the Program as soon as \par
reasonably practicable. However, Recipient's obligations under this Agreement and any licenses granted by Recipient relating to the Program shall continue and survive. \par
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute copies of this Agreement, but in order to avoid inconsistency the Agreement is copyrighted and may only be \par
modified in the following manner. The Agreement Steward reserves the right to publish new versions (including revisions) of this Agreement from time to time. \par
No one other than the Agreement Steward has the right to modify this Agreement. The Eclipse Foundation is the initial Agreement Steward. The Eclipse Foundation may assign the responsibility to serve as the Agreement Steward to a suitable separate entity. Each new version of the Agreement will be given a \par
distinguishing version number. The Program (including Contributions) may always be distributed subject to the version of the Agreement under which it was \par
received. In addition, after a new version of the Agreement is published, Contributor may elect to distribute the Program (including its Contributions) \par
under the new version. Except as expressly stated in Sections 2(a) and 2(b)above, Recipient receives no rights or licenses to the intellectual property of \par
any Contributor under this Agreement, whether expressly, by implication, estoppel or otherwise. All rights in the Program not expressly granted under \par
this Agreement are reserved. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York and the intellectual property laws of the United States of America. No party to this Agreement will bring a legal action under this Agreement more than one year after the cause of action arose. Each party waives its rights to a jury trial in any resulting litigation. \par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Adobe license\par
================================================================================\par
\par
ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED\par
\par
FOR ADOBE(R) ACROBAT(R) READER(R), ADOBE ACROBAT EBOOK READER(TM) AND\par
ADOBE SVG VIEWER SOFTWARE.\par
End User License Agreement\par
\par
Please return any accompanying registration form to receive registration\par
benefits.\par
\par
NOTICE TO USER: PLEASE READ THIS CONTRACT CAREFULLY. BY USING ALL OR ANY PORTION OF THE SOFTWARE YOU ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THISAGREEMENT, INCLUDING, IN PARTICULAR THE LIMITATIONS ON: USE CONTAINED IN SECTION 2; TRANSFERABILITY IN SECTION 4; WARRANTY IN SECTION 6 AND 7; AND LIABILITY IN SECTION 8. YOU AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS ENFORCEABLE LIKE ANY WRITTEN NEGOTIATED AGREEMENT SIGNED BY YOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THIS SOFTWARE. IF YOU ACQUIRED THE SOFTWARE ON TANGIBLE MEDIA (e.g. CD) WITHOUT AN OPPORTUNITY TO REVIEW THIS LICENSE AND YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY OBTAIN A REFUND OF ANY AMOUNT YOU ORIGINALLY PAID IF YOU: (A) DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE AND (B) RETURN IT, WITH PROOF OF PAYMENT, TO THE LOCATION FROM WHICH IT WAS OBTAINED WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS OF THE PURCHASE DATE.\par
\par
1. Definitions. "Software" means (a) all of the contents of the files, disk(s), CD-ROM(s) or other media with which this Agreement is provided, including but not limited to (i) Adobe or third party computer information or software; (ii) related explanatory written materials or files ("Documentation"); and (iii) fonts; and (b) upgrades, modified versions, updates, additions, and copies of the Software, if any, licensed to you by Adobe (collectively, "Updates"). "Use" or "Using" means to access, install, download, copy or otherwise benefit from using the functionality of the Software in accordance with the Documentation. "Permitted Number" means one (1) unless otherwise indicated under a valid\par
license (e.g. volume license) granted by Adobe. "Computer" means an electronic device that accepts information in digital or similar form and manipulates it for a specific result based on a sequence of instructions. "Adobe" means Adobe Systems Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110, if subsection 10(a) of this Agreement applies; otherwise it means Adobe Systems Benelux BV, Europlaza, Hoogoorddreef 54a, 1101 BE Amsterdam ZO, the Netherlands, a company organized under the laws of the Netherlands and an affiliate and licensee of Adobe Systems Incorporated. \par
\par
2. Software License. As long as you comply with the terms of this End User License Agreement (this "Agreement"), Adobe grants to you a non-exclusive license to Use the Software for the purposes described in the Documentation. Some third party materials included in the Software may be subject to other terms and conditions, which are typically found in a "Read Me" file located near such materials.\par
\par
2.1. General Use. You may install and Use a copy of the Software on your compatible computer, up to the Permitted Number of computers.\par
\par
2.2. Server Use and Distribution.\par
\par
2.2.1. With respect to the Adobe Acrobat Reader Software only, and subject to the terms of this Agreement, you may install one copy of such Software on a computer file server within your internal network for the sole and exclusive purpose of using such Software (from an unlimited number of client computers on your internal network) via (a) the Network File System (NFS) for UNIX versions of Acrobat Reader or (b) Windows Terminal Services. Unless otherwise expressly permitted hereunder, no other server or network use of the Software is permitted, including but not limited to using the Software (i) either directly or through commands, data or instructions from or to another computer or (ii)for internal network, internet or web hosting services.\par
\par
2.2.2. For information on how to distribute Adobe Acrobat Reader, Adobe Acrobat eBook Reader~Y and Adobe SVG Viewer on tangible media or through an internal network please refer to the sections entitled "How to Distribute Acrobat Reader," "How to Distribute Acrobat eBook Reader" and "How to Distribute Adobe SVG Viewer" at www.adobe.com.\par
2.3. Backup Copy. You may make one backup copy of the Software, provided your backup copy is not installed or used on any computer. You may not transfer the rights to a backup copy unless you transfer all rights in the Software as provided under Section 4.\par
\par
2.4. Home Use. You, as the primary user of the computer on which the Software is installed, may also install the Software on one of your home computers. However, the Software may not be used on your home computer at the same time the Software on the primary computer is being used.\par
\par
2.5 No Modification. You may customize or extend the functionality of the installer for the Software as specifically allowed by instructions found at www.adobe.com or http://partners.adobe.com (e.g., installation of additional plug-in and help files). You may not otherwise alter or modify the Software or create a new installer for the Software. The Software is licensed and distributed by Adobe for viewing, distributing and sharing PDF or SVG files. \par
You are not authorized to integrate or use the Software with any other software, plug-in or enhancement which uses or relies upon the Software when converting or transforming SVG or PDF files into other file formats (e.g.,a PDF file into a TIFF, JPEG, or SVG file, or a SVG file into a GIF, JPEG,PDF or SWF file). You are not authorized to integrate or use the Adobe Acrobat Reader Software with any (a) Adobe Acrobat Reader plug-in software not developed in accordance with the Adobe Integration Key License Agreement or (b) other software or enhancement that uses Inter Application Communication (IAC) to programmatically interface with Adobe Acrobat Reader for the purpose of (i) creating a file that contains data (e.g., an XML or comments file), (ii) saving modifications to a PDF file or (iii) rendering a PDF file in such other software's application window.\par
\par
3. Intellectual Property Rights. The Software and any copies that you are authorized by Adobe to make are the intellectual property of and are owned by Adobe Systems Incorporated and its suppliers. The structure, organization and code of the Software are the valuable trade secrets and confidential information of Adobe Systems Incorporated and its suppliers. The Software is protected by copyright, including without limitation by United States Copyright Law, international treaty provisions and applicable laws in the country in which it is being used. You may not copy the Software, except as set forth in Section 2 ("Software License"). Any copies that you are permitted to make pursuant to this Agreement must contain the same copyright and other proprietary notices that appear on or in the Software. Unless specifically and expressly permitted by Adobe, you agree not to modify, adapt or translate the Software. You also agree not to reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Software except to the extent you may be expressly permitted to decompile under applicable law,it is essential to do so in order to achieve operability of the Software with another software program, and you have first requested Adobe to provide the information necessary to achieve such operability and Adobe has not made such information available. Adobe has the right to impose reasonable conditions and to request a reasonable fee before providing such information. Any information supplied by Adobe or obtained by you, as permitted hereunder,may only be used by you for the purpose described herein and may not be disclosed to any third party or used to create any software which is substantially similar to the expression of the Software.  Requests for information should be directed to the Adobe Customer Support Department. \par
Trademarks shall be used in accordance with accepted trademark practice, including identification of trademarks owners' names. Trademarks can only be used to identify printed output produced by the Software and such use of any trademark does not give you any rights of ownership in that trademark. Except as expressly stated herein, this Agreement does not grant you any intellectual property rights in the Software and all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Adobe.\par
\par
4. Transfer. You may not, rent, lease, sublicense or authorize all or any portion of the Software to be copied onto another user's computer except as may be expressly permitted herein. You may, however, transfer all your rights to Use the Software to another person or legal entity provided that: (a) you also transfer each this Agreement, the Software and all other software or hardware bundled or pre-installed with the Software, including all copies, Updates and prior versions, and all copies of font software converted into other formats, to such person or entity; (b) you retain no copies, including backups and copies stored on a computer; and (c) the receiving party accepts the terms and \par
conditions of this Agreement and any other terms and conditions upon which you legally purchased a license to the Software. Notwithstanding the foregoing, youmay not transfer education, pre-release, or not for resale copies of the Software.\par
\par
5. Multiple Environment Software / Multiple Language Software / Dual Media Software / Multiple Copies/ Bundles / Updates. If the Software supports multiple platforms or languages, if you receive the Software on multiple media, if you otherwise receive multiple copies of the Software, or if you received the Software bundled with other software, the total number of your computers on which all versions of the Software are installed may not exceed the Permitted Number. You may not, rent, lease, sublicense, lend or transfer any versions or copies of such Software you do not Use. If the Software is an Update to a previous version of the Software, you must possess a valid license to such previous version in order to Use the Update. You may continue to Use the previous version of the Software on your computer after you receive\par
the Update to assist you in the transition to the Update, provided that: the Update and the previous version are installed on the same computer; the previous version or copies thereof are not transferred to another party or computer unless all copies of the Update are also transferred to such party or computer; and you acknowledge that any obligation Adobe may have to support the previous version of the Software may be ended upon availability of the Update.\par
\par
6. NO WARRANTY. The Software is being delivered to you "AS IS" and Adobe makes no warranty as to its use or performance. ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT AND CANNOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY USING THE SOFTWARE. EXCEPT FOR ANY WARRANTY, CONDITION, REPRESENTATION OR TERM TO THE EXTENT TO WHICH THE SAME CANNOT OR MAY NOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY LAW APPLICABLE TO YOU IN YOUR JURISDICTION, ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, OR TERMS (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WHETHER BY STATUTE, COMMON LAW, CUSTOM, USAGE OR OTHERWISE) AS TO ANY MATTER INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, INTEGRATION,\par
SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
7. Pre-release Product Additional Terms. If the product you have received with this license is pre-commercial release or beta Software ("Pre-release Software"), then the following Section applies. To the extent that any provision in this Section is in conflict with any other term or condition in this Agreement, this Section shall supercede such other term(s) and condition(s) with respect to the Pre-release Software, but only to the extent necessary to resolve the conflict. You acknowledge that the Software is a pre-release version, does not represent final product from Adobe, and may contain bugs, errors and other problems that could cause system or other failures and data loss. Consequently, the Pre-release Software is provided to you "AS-IS", and Adobe disclaims any warranty or liability obligations to you of any kind. WHERE LEGALLY LIABILITY CANNOT BE EXCLUDED FOR PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE, BUT IT MAY BE LIMITED, ADOBE'S LIABILITY AND THAT OF ITS SUPPLIERS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE SUM OF FIFTY DOLLARS (U.S. $50) IN TOTAL. You acknowledge that Adobe has not promised or guaranteed to you that Pre-release Software will be announced or made available to anyone in the future, that Adobe has no express or implied obligation to you to announce or introduce the Pre-release Software and that Adobe may not introduce a product similar to or compatible with the Pre-release Software. Accordingly, you acknowledge that any research or development that you perform regarding the Pre-release Software or any product associated with the Pre-release Software is done entirely at your own risk. During the term of this Agreement, if requested by Adobe, you will provide feedback to Adobe regarding testing and use of the Pre-release Software, including error or bug reports. If you have been provided the Pre-release Software pursuant to a separate written agreement, such as the Adobe Systems Incorporated Serial Agreement for Unreleased Products, your use of the Software is also governed by such agreement. You agree that you may not and certify that you will not sublicense, lease, loan, rent, or transfer the Pre-release Software. Upon receipt of a later unreleased version of the Pre-release Software or release by Adobe of a publicly released commercial version of the Software, whether as a stand-alone product or as part of a larger product, you agree to return or destroy all earlier Pre-release Software received from Adobe and to abide by the terms of the End User License Agreement for any such later versions of the Pre-release Software. Notwithstanding anything in this Section to the contrary, if you are located outside the United States of America, you agree that you will return or destroy all unreleased versions of the Pre-release Software within thirty (30) days of the completion of your testing of the Software when such date is earlier than the date for Adobe's first commercial shipment of the publicly released (commercial) Software.\par
\par
8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL ADOBE OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR COSTS WHATSOEVER OR ANY ONSEQUENTIAL,\par
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS, EVEN IF AN ADOBE REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS, DAMAGES,CLAIMS OR COSTS OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS APPLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW IN YOUR JURISDICTION. ADOBE'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY AND THAT OF ITS SUPPLIERS UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE, IF ANY. Nothing contained in this Agreement limits Adobe's liability to you in the event of death or personal injury resulting from Adobe's negligence or for the tort of deceit (fraud). Adobe is acting on behalf of its suppliers for the purpose of disclaiming, excluding and/or limiting obligations, warranties and liability as provided in this Agreement, but in no other respects and for no other purpose. For further information, please see the jurisdiction specific information at the end of this Agreement, if any, or contact Adobe's Customer Support Department.\par
9. Export Rules. You agree that the Software will not be shipped, transferred or exported into any country or used in any manner prohibited by the United States Export Administration Act or any other export laws, restrictions or regulations (collectively the "Export Laws"). In addition, if the Software is identified as export controlled items under the Export Laws, you represent and warrant that you are not a citizen, or otherwise located within, an embargoed nation (including without limitation Iran, Iraq, Syria, Sudan,Libya, Cuba, North Korea, and Serbia) and that you are not otherwise prohibited under the Export Laws from receiving the Software. All rights to Use the Software are granted on condition that such rights are forfeited if you fail to comply with the terms of this Agreement.\par
\par
10. Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws in force: (a) in the State of California,\par
if a license to the Software is obtained when you are in the United States, Canada, or Mexico; or (b) in Japan, if a license to the Software is obtained\par
when you are in Japan, China, Korea, or other Southeast Asian country where all official languages are written in either an ideographic script (e.g., hanzi,kanji, or hanja), and/or other script based upon or similar in structure to an ideographic script, such as hangul or kana; or (c) the Netherlands, if a license to the Software is purchased when you are in any other jurisdiction not described above. The respective courts of Santa Clara County, California when California law applies, Tokyo District Court in Japan, when Japanese law applies, and the courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands, when the law of the Netherlands applies, shall each have non-exclusive jurisdiction over all disputes relating to this Agreement. This Agreement will not be governed by the conflict of law rules of any jurisdiction or the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded.\par
\par
11. General Provisions. If any part of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of the Agreement, which shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. This Agreement shall not prejudice the statutory rights of any party dealing as a consumer. \par
This Agreement may only be modified by a writing signed by an authorized officer of Adobe. Updates may be licensed to you by Adobe with additional or\par
different terms. This is the entire agreement between Adobe and you relating to the Software and it supersedes any prior representations, discussions, undertakings, communications or advertising relating to the Software.\par
\par
12. Notice to U.S. Government End Users. The Software and Documentation are "Commercial Items," as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. '2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. '12.212 or 48 C.F.R. '227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. '12.212 or 48 C.F.R. ''227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer\par
Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States. Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, USA. For U.S. Government End Users, Adobe agrees to comply with all applicable equal opportunity laws including, if appropriate, the provisions of Executive Order 11246, as amended, Section 402 of the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974 (38 USC 4212), and Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, and the regulations at 41 CFR Parts 60-1 through 60-60, 60-250, and 60-741. The affirmative action clause and regulations contained in the preceding sentence shall be incorporated by reference in this Agreement.\par
\par
13. Compliance with Licenses. If you are a business or organization, you agree that upon request from Adobe or Adobe's authorized representative, you will within thirty (30) days fully document and certify that use of any and all Software at the time of the request is in conformity with your valid licenses from Adobe.\par
If you have any questions regarding this Agreement or if you wish to request any information from Adobe please use the address and contact information included with this product to contact the Adobe office serving your jurisdiction.\par
\par
Adobe, Acrobat, Acrobat Reader and Acrobat eBook Reader are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or other countries.\par
\par
SVGReader_WWEULA_English_08.09.01.14:54\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2005 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
IBM License for Third Parties\par
=============================\par
\par
READ ME FIRST\par
\par
SOFTWARE LICENSE\par
\par
This IBM software is licensed to you under specific terms and conditions. Before using this software carefully read the terms and conditions. \par
\par
opening this envelope or clicking the "accept" button below, as applicable, indicates your acceptance of the terms and conditions.  If you do not agree with them you should not install or use the software.  Instead, return the unused software to IBM or your authorized IBM re-seller.\par
\par
Any user of the software should understand that IBM cannot provide technical support for the software and will not be responsible for any consequences of the use of the software.\par
\par
LICENSE\par
\par
This is a license Agreement for IBM Instruction Set Simulator (ISS) Program which is provided on the enclosed IBM Diskette(s), or which may be recorded on other media included in this package.  International Business Machines Corporation ("IBM") owns the ISS Program.  The ISS  Program is protected by copyright and is licensed, not sold.  IBM or the applicable IBM country organization grants you a license to use the ISS  Program.   You obtain no rights other than those granted to you under this license.  IBM retains title to the ISS  Program and all copies you make of it.\par
\par
This license authorizes you to:\par
1. Use the IBM ISS Program, as described in the  "User's Guide" document provided with the ISS Program. \par
2. Copy the ISS Program for backup or archival Purposes or for distribution as part of your company's program product(s) which is sold to customers; and \par
3. Transfer possession of this ISS Program to another party as part of your company's program product(s); provided that  you supply a copy of this license agreement, or a license agreement containing essentially the same terms and conditions as this agreement, to such party.  \par
\par
You may NOT:\par
1. Use, merge, copy, display, adapt, modify, execute, distribute or transfer the ISS Program, except as authorized by this license; or \par
2. Reverse assemble, reverse compile, decode, or translate the ISS Program except to the extent permitted by law.\par
\par
Any attempt to sublicense, rent, lease, assign or to transfer the ISS Program, except as expressly provided by this license,  renders this license null and void.\par
\par
GENERAL\par
\par
You may terminate your license at any time.  IBM may terminate your license if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this License Agreement. In either event, you must destroy all of your copies of the ISS Program.  You are responsible for the payment of any taxes, including personal property taxes resulting from this Agreement.  Neither party may bring an action, regardless of form, more than one year after the cause of action arose.  This license is governed by the laws of the State of New York. \par
\par
\par
}
 