{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe2052{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\b\f0\fs18\par
\pard\hyphpar0\qc\tqc\tx5040\fs24 NATIONAL INSTRUMENTS AGREEMENT\par
(NI FLEXRIO ADAPTER MODULE DEVELOPMENT KIT)\b0\par
\pard\qj\b\fs18\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\par
\pard\qj INSTALLATION NOTICE: THIS IS A CONTRACT. BEFORE YOU ACCESS THE MATERIALS AND/OR COMPLETE THE INSTALLATION PROCESS FOR ANY OF THE MATERIALS INCLUDED WITH THE FLEXRIO ADAPTER MODULE DEVELOPMENT KIT (THE \ldblquote DEVELOPMENT KIT\rdblquote ), CAREFULLY READ THIS AGREEMENT. BY ACCESSING OR USING ANY OF THE MATERIALS AND/OR CLICKING THE APPLICABLE BUTTON TO COMPLETE THE INSTALLATION PROCESS FOR ANY OF THE MATERIALS, YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BECOME A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT AND BE BOUND BY ALL OF ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS, CLICK THE APPROPRIATE BUTTON TO CANCEL THE INSTALLATION PROCESS, DO NOT ACCESS, USE, OR INSTALL ANY OF THE MATERIALS, AND RETURN THE DEVELOPMENT KIT (INCLUDING ALL OF THE MATERIALS AND ORIGINAL CONTAINERS OR CARTONS) WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS OF RECEIPT TO NATIONAL INSTRUMENTS CORPORATION (\ldblquote NI\rdblquote ), 11500 N. MOPAC EXPRESSWAY, AUSTIN, TEXAS, U.S.A. 78759-3504 (ATTENTION:_LEGAL DEPARTMENT). ALL RETURNS SHALL BE SUBJECT TO NI\rquote S THEN CURRENT RETURN POLICY.\par
\par
\pard\qj\tx426 1.0\tab  \ul PARTIES\ulnone\par
\pard\s2\sb240\sa60\qj\tx426\b0 1.1\tab This Agreement is made between NI and you (the individual installing or otherwise accessing any of the Materials) and your employer if you are installing, accessing, or otherwise using any of the Materials within the scope of, or as part of your, employment\kerning16  (individually and collectively, \ldblquote Licensee\rdblquote  or \ldblquote you\rdblquote ). NI and Licensee are the parties to this Agreement.\par
\pard\keepn\s1\sb240\sa60\tx360\kerning28\b 2.\tab\ul BACKGROUND\par
\pard\sb240\sa60\qj\tx360\cf1\kerning0\ulnone\b0 2.1\tab The Materials include documentation, software, and design files. The possibility exists that some of the Materials may be provided to you separately and apart from the original Development Kit in one or more shipments. NI and if applicable, its licensors, own the Development Kit and the Materials. The Materials can be utilized to enable the creation of custom adapter modules (the \ldblquote Permitted Adapter Modules\rdblquote ) for use with certain hardware products of NI known as the NI FlexRIO FPGA Module products in order to customize the measurement I/O of the NI FlexRIO Module products.\par
\pard\tx426 2.2\tab Together with the Materials, you will receive a \ldblquote starter\rdblquote  supply of certain physical hardware components for use in housing and testing the Permitted Adapter Modules. Further, and for so long as NI makes them generally available, you may obtain additional supplies of the applicable hardware components from NI separately at NI\rquote s then current prices. These hardware components are outside the scope of this Agreement and are sold to Licensee by NI in accordance with NI\rquote s then current terms and conditions of sale which are available at \cf0 http://www.ni.com/legal/termsofsale/\cf1 .\par
\pard\par
\pard\tx426 2.3\tab Licensee represents that it has significant expertise in the following: (i) hardware description language (HDL) based design (including, VHDL, Verilog, EDF Netlists, and timing constraints) and (ii) schematic circuit design, including, printed circuit board (PCB) design, layout, and fabrication (including, dimensions and height restrictions, material stackup, power consumption, and signal routing) and circuit card assembly (collectively, \ldblquote Technical Expertise\rdblquote ). Licensee desires to obtain the Materials from NI in order to design and develop the Permitted Adapter Modules (the \ldblquote Authorized Purpose\rdblquote ). \par
\pard\s2\sb240\sa60\qj\tx360\cf0 2.4\tab The Materials are highly confidential and are the proprietary and valuable property of NI and/or its licensors. NI would be irreparably damaged if Licensee distributed or otherwise made available the Materials to any third party (including any other division or department of Licensee\rquote s company not listed above) or used the Materials in any way not specifically authorized by this Agreement. In reliance upon Licensee\rquote s representation with respect to HDL and PCB design experience, NI is willing to grant to Licensee a limited, non-exclusive license to use the Materials solely for the Authorized Purpose, all pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.\par
\pard\keepn\s1\sb240\sa60\tx360\kerning28\b 3.\tab\ul LICENSE GRANT; INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS\par
\pard\s2\sb240\sa60\qj\tx426\kerning0\ulnone\b0 3.1\tab\ul Grant By NI\ulnone . NI hereby grants to Licensee and Licensee hereby accepts the limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable right and license for the term of this Agreement to access and use the Materials internally within Licensee\rquote s operations solely for the Authorized Purpose, and subject to the further terms set forth in this Agreement (including the following limitations):\par
\pard\s3\sb120\sa60\qj\tx568 3.1.1\tab\ul Use Restriction\ulnone . The Materials shall only be used by Licensee internally and solely for the Authorized Purpose. In no event may the Materials be utilized (in whole or part) for any purpose other than the Authorized Purpose (including, but not limited to, developing products designed to provide the same or similar functionality as any of the NI FlexRIO FPGA Module products).\expndtw-3\par
\expndtw0 3.1.2\tab\ul Distribution Limitation\ulnone . In no case shall Licensee publish, disseminate, distribute, disclose, or otherwise make available any of the Materials (in whole or part) to any third party (including agents or contractors of Licensee) without the prior express consent of NI (which may be given or withheld at NI\rquote s reasonable discretion). \par
3.1.3\tab\ul Copies\ulnone . In no case shall Licensee make more copies of the Materials than are reasonably necessary to permit Licensee to exercise its limited rights granted under this Agreement. Each copy of the Materials shall be subject to all of the limitations set forth in this Agreement and Licensee shall maintain the original and each copy of the Materials in strict confidence, employing at least reasonable methods of protection.\par
\pard\s2\sb120\sa60\qj\tx360 3.2\tab\ul Reservation of Rights\ulnone . NI specifically reserves all rights and licenses not expressly granted to Licensee pursuant to this Agreement. Licensee acknowledges that the software components of the Materials do not contain any source code and that NI is under no obligation to provide Licensee with any source code. Further, neither party may use the trademarks or other designations of the other party under this Agreement, in any manner whatsoever, without the prior written consent of the other party.\par
\pard\sb120\sa60\qj\tx360 3.3\tab\ul Technical Assistance\ulnone . Licensee represents and warrants that it has the Technical Expertise, is solely responsible for its use and understanding of the Materials, has access to applicable resources in order to properly use the Materials as permitted hereunder, and that NI is providing the Materials hereunder in reliance upon Licensee\rquote s representations. In reliance upon the foregoing, NI will make available to Licensee limited technical assistance via email on the use of the Materials, subject to availability of NI\rquote s applicable technical resources. NI may (at its discretion) provide additional technical support, including up to one (1) hour of technical assistance reviewing Licensee\rquote s applicable design documents for Licensee\rquote s Permitted Adapter Modules. All technical assistance provided by NI shall be carried out only during the normal business hours of NI. The normal business hours of NI are between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., United States Central Time, weekdays, except normal business holidays observed by NI. \par
\pard\s3\sb120\sa60\qj\tx360 3.4 \tab\ul Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights\ulnone . Licensee acknowledges and agrees that (i) title and all interests and rights of ownership in and to the Materials and all copies, in any form, of all or any part thereof, and all intellectual property rights with respect thereto, are and remain with, and shall be the sole and exclusive property of, NI; and (ii) neither Licensee nor any other person or entity shall acquire any interest (except for Licensee\rquote s use rights as specifically set forth in this Agreement), title, or rights of ownership in any of the Materials.\par
\pard\s2\sb240\sa60\qj\tx0\tx360 3.5\tab\ul Confidential Information\ulnone . Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the Materials contains and are deemed to be the confidential information of NI. Accordingly, Licensee agrees to maintain the Materials (including all information contained therein) in strict confidence using the same methods that Licensee uses to protect its own most valuable information (which methods in any event shall be reasonable). In no event, may Licensee publish, disseminate, distribute, disclose, or otherwise make available the Materials (or any information contained therein) to any third party (including agents or contractors of Licensee) without the prior express written consent of NI (which may be given or withheld at NI\rquote s reasonable discretion). \par
\pard\keepn\s1\ri90\sb240\sa60\qj\tx360\kerning28\caps 3.6\b\tab\ul\b0\caps0 Additional Obligations Of Licensee Pertaining To Licensee\rquote s Distribution Of Applicable I/O Modules.\par
\pard\ri90\sa120\qj\kerning0\ulnone Licensee agrees that it will (i) be responsible for all matters pertaining to the Permitted Adapter Modules and (ii) be responsible for all customer support of the Permitted Adapter Modules.\par
\pard\keepn\s1\sb240\sa60\tx360\kerning28\b 4.\tab\ul DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION \par
\pard\s2\sb240\sa60\qj\tx426\kerning0\ulnone\b0 4.1\tab\ul Disclaimer of Warranties\ulnone . NI PROVIDES ALL OF THE MATERIALS AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND GRANTS THE LICENSE RIGHTS IN AND TO THE MATERIALS AS PROVIDED FOR IN SECTION 3 ABOVE "AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS" AND NI DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, OR REPRESENTATIONS (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL, OR WRITTEN) WITH RESPECT TO THE MATERIALS, AND ANY TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PROVIDED BY NI, INCLUDING ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS OR SUITABILITY FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, TRADE USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE; AND ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT AND TITLE.\par
4.2\tab\ul Limitation of Liability\ulnone . NI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND AS A RESULT OF ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT OR THEIR USE OF THE MATERIALS. IN NO EVENT, HOWEVER, REGARDLESS OF THE BASIS FOR THE DAMAGES OR LIABILITY, SHALL THE TOTAL LIABILITY TO NI UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE SUM RECEIVED BY NI UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE, SHALL APPLY EVEN IF NI HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF POTENTIAL CLAIMS, LOSSES, OR DAMAGES, AND SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE SUCCESS OR EFFECTIVENESS OF ANY OTHER REMEDIES POSSESSED BY LICENSEE OR THIRD PARTIES. Licensee and NI each acknowledge and agree that the limitation of liability provisions of this Section 4.2 reflect an informed, voluntary allocation between them of all risk associated with Licensee\rquote s use of the Materials or any products developed by Licensee using the Materials as permitted under this Agreement in light of the fact of the amount of license fees charged by NI.\par
4.3\tab\ul Indemnification by Licensee\ulnone . Licensee shall, at its sole expense, defend, indemnify, and hold NI harmless from and against all liability, damages, and costs (including court costs and reasonable fees of attorneys and other professionals) arising out of or resulting from any claim based on Licensee\rquote s use of the Materials or products developed by Licensee using the Materials. \par
\pard\keepn\s1\sb240\sa60\tx360\kerning28\b 5.\tab\ul MISCELLANEOUS\par
\pard\s2\sb240\sa60\qj\tx426\kerning0\ulnone\b0 5.1\tab\ul Termination\ulnone . The license granted to Licensee in Section 3 above is solely for the benefit of Licensee and shall terminate automatically without notice from NI if Licensee breaches or fails to comply with any provision of this Agreement (a \ldblquote Termination on Breach\rdblquote ). Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, (i) Licensee shall destroy all tangible copies of the Materials and shall erase all copies that may be stored in electronic or magnetic form, and (ii) the provisions of Sections 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 4, and 5 shall survive and continue in effect.\par
5.2\tab\ul Assignment; Successors\ulnone . NI may assign this Agreement. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement is personal to Licensee and Licensee may not assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of NI, which consent may be given or withheld in NI\rquote s sole discretion. Any assignment in contravention of this Section 5.2 shall be void.\par
5.3\tab\ul Independent Contractor\ulnone . Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed as constituting, creating, or establishing the relationship of agent, partner, or joint venturer between Licensee and NI, and Licensee shall not represent anything to the contrary.\par
5.4\tab\ul Governing Law\ulnone . This Agreement is deemed to have been entered into in the State of Texas, USA, and its interpretation, construction, and the remedies for enforcement or breach are to be applied pursuant to, and in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas excluding any rule or principle that would refer to and apply the substantive law of another state, country, or jurisdiction. Further, the parties agree that any claim or cause of action arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located in Austin, Texas and the parties agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of such courts. \par
5.5\tab\ul Notices\ulnone . All notices which shall be given by either party under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and be hand delivered, sent by facsimile transmission, overnight delivery, or sent by certified/registered mail, return receipt requested, addressed to the receiving party at the address listed above or to such other persons or addresses as may be designated by a party in writing. Notice shall be effective on the date it is received or receipt is confirmed or, if mailed as described above, no later than three (3) days after the date of such mailing.\par
5.6\tab\ul Severability\ulnone . If any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof, shall for any reason and to any extent be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted so as best to reasonably effect the intent of the parties. The parties further agree to replace any such invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid and enforceable provisions designed to achieve, to the extent possible, the business purposes and intent of such invalid and unenforceable provisions.\par
5.7\tab\ul Headings and References\ulnone . The headings and captions used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement. All references in this Agreement to articles and sections shall, unless otherwise provided, refer to articles and sections hereof.\par
\pard\s2\sb240\sa60\qj\tx360 5.8\tab\ul No Waiver\ulnone . No delay or omission by either party to exercise any right or power occurring upon any breach or default by the other party with respect to any of the terms of this Agreement shall impair any such right or power or be construed to be a waiver thereof. Unless stated otherwise in this Agreement, all remedies provided for in this Agreement shall be cumulative and in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies available to either party at law, in equity, or otherwise.\par
5.9\tab\ul Warning.\ulnone  (1) NI PRODUCTS ARE NOT DESIGNED WITH COMPONENTS AND TESTING FOR A LEVEL OF RELIABILITY SUITABLE FOR USE IN OR IN CONNECTION WITH SURGICAL IMPLANTS OR AS CRITICAL COMPONENTS IN ANY LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS WHOSE FAILURE TO PERFORM CAN REASONABLY BE EXPECTED TO CAUSE SIGNIFICANT INJURY TO A HUMAN. (2) IN ANY APPLICATION, INCLUDING THE ABOVE, RELIABILITY OF OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCTS CAN BE IMPAIRED BY ADVERSE FACTORS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO FLUCTUATIONS IN ELECTRICAL POWER SUPPLY, COMPUTER HARDWARE MALFUNCTIONS, COMPUTER OPERATING SYSTEM SOFTWARE FITNESS, FITNESS OF COMPILERS AND DEVELOPMENT SOFTWARE USED TO DEVELOP AN APPLICATION, INSTALLATION ERRORS, SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE COMPATIBILITY PROBLEMS, MALFUNCTIONS OR FAILURES OF ELECTRONIC MONITORING OR CONTROL DEVICES, TRANSIENT FAILURES OF ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS (HARDWARE AND/OR SOFTWARE), UNANTICIPATED USES OR MISUSES, OR ERRORS ON THE PART OF THE USER OR APPLICATIONS DESIGNER (ADVERSE FACTORS SUCH AS THESE ARE HEREAFTER COLLECTIVELY TERMED "SYSTEM FAILURES"). ANY APPLICATION WHERE A SYSTEM FAILURE WOULD CREATE A RISK OF HARM TO PROPERTY OR PERSONS (INCLUDING THE RISK OF BODILY INJURY AND DEATH) SHOULD NOT BE RELIANT SOLELY UPON ONE FORM OF ELECTRONIC SYSTEM DUE TO THE RISK OF SYSTEM FAILURE. TO AVOID DAMAGE, INJURY, OR DEATH, THE USER OR APPLICATION DESIGNER MUST TAKE REASONABLY PRUDENT STEPS TO PROTECT AGAINST SYSTEM FAILURES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO BACK-UP OR SHUT DOWN MECHANISMS. BECAUSE EACH END-USER SYSTEM IS CUSTOMIZED AND DIFFERS FROM NI'S TESTING PLATFORMS AND BECAUSE A USER OR APPLICATION DESIGNER MAY USE NI PRODUCTS IN COMBINATION WITH OTHER PRODUCTS IN A MANNER NOT EVALUATED OR CONTEMPLATED BY NI, THE USER OR APPLICATION DESIGNER IS ULTIMATELY RESPONSIBLE FOR VERIFYING AND VALIDATING THE SUITABILITY OF NI PRODUCTS WHENEVER NI PRODUCTS ARE INCORPORATED IN A SYSTEM OR APPLICATION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE APPROPRIATE DESIGN, PROCESS, AND SAFETY LEVEL OF SUCH SYSTEM OR APPLICATION.\par
\pard\s2\sb240\sa60\qj\tx540 5.10\tab\ul General\ulnone . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter stated herein, and supersedes all previous communications, representations, understandings, and agreements, either oral or written.\par
\pard\s2\sb240\sa60\qj (c) 2008 National Instruments Corporation. All Rights Reserved.\par
372673A-01\par
\pard\sb240\sa60 October 2008\par
\pard\par
}
 