{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl240\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT\par
JKI TOOLKITS FOR LABVIEW\par
JAMES KRING, INC.\par
\par
NOTICE TO CUSTOMER:  PLEASE READ THIS CONTRACT CAREFULLY.  BY DOWNLOADING,\par
INSTALLING OR USING ALL OR ANY PORTION OF THE JKI PRODUCT, INCLUDING ANY\par
UPDATE THERETO, YOU AKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND\par
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  YOU AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS ENFORCEABLE\par
LIKE ANY WRITTEN NEGOTIATED AGREEMENT SIGNED BY YOU.  YOU AGREE THAT THIS\par
AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ALL ATTACHMENTS AND EXHIBITS, CONSTITUTES THE COMPLETE\par
AND EXCLUSIVE UNDERSTANDING BETWEEN US, AND SUPERSEDES ALL PRIOR SALES\par
PROPOSALS, NEGOTIATIONS, AGREEMENTS AND OTHER REPRESENTATIONS OR\par
COMMUNICATIONS, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT\par
IS ENFORCEABLE AGAINST YOU AND ANY LEGAL ENTITY THAT OBTAINED THE SOFTWARE OR\par
ON WHOSE BEHALF IT IS USED.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT\par
INSTALL, DOWNLOAD NOR USE THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
This Software License Agreement (the "Agreement") is made by and between James\par
Kring, Inc. and you as the customer. In this Agreement, you, as an individual\par
as well as any legal entity that obtained the Software or on whose behalf it\par
is used, will be referred to as the "Customer", "you" and "your"; James Kring,\par
Inc. will be referred to as "JKI" or as "we", "us", and "our".\par
\par
WHEREAS, JKI has developed and is willing to supply the computer software,\par
documentation, and related materials that you are downloading and which form\par
all or a part of the JKI Products known as the "JKI Toolkits for LabVIEW" \par
("the JKI Product") subject to the terms and conditions stated herein; \par
WHEREAS, you desire to have access to the JKI Product, and you are willing to\par
use the JKI Product in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;\par
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants\par
hereinafter set forth, you agree as follows:\par
\par
1.  License to the JKI Product; License Restrictions.\par
\par
1.1  Scope of License.  JKI grants to you a personal, worldwide,\par
non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as permitted under Section 13(a)),\par
perpetual (except as revocable under Section 7) license to use the JKI Product\par
that you obtain under this Agreement, in accordance with the documentation and\par
instructions supplied by JKI, and as follows:  (a) for your own internal use,\par
development, testing and evaluation purposes; and/or (b) to copy, modify,\par
create derivative works of, and distribute the JKI Product, through multiple\par
tiers of licensees, only in executable form and only as part of or together\par
with a software or other product developed by you or on your behalf (the\par
"Customer Product").   These grants of license are contingent upon your\par
payment of the associated license fee for the JKI Product (the "License Fee")\par
and your compliance with the terms of this Agreement.  For purposes of this\par
Agreement and as reasonably applicable, all modifications, adjustments,\par
enhancements, bug fixes, error corrections or other updates (including any\par
major or minor revisions, which are the "Updates") made by or on behalf of JKI\par
to the JKI Product will become part of the JKI Product.\par
\par
1.2  License Restrictions.  YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO DISTRIBUTE THE JKI\par
PRODUCT YOU OBTAIN HEREUNDER ON A STANDALONE BASIS (I.E., FOR USE OR\par
DISTRIBUTION INDEPENDENT OF THE CUSTOMER PRODUCT).  THE JKI PRODUCT SHALL BE\par
INCORPORATED INTO THE CUSTOMER PRODUCT SUCH THAT JKI TRADE SECRET AND/OR\par
SOURCE CODE INFORMATION IS NOT NOR IS LIKELY TO BE EXPOSED TO SUBLICENSEES NOR\par
ANY THIRD PARTY; FOR EXAMPLE, THE CUSTOMER PRODUCT SHALL NOT BE A SOFTWARE\par
LIBRARY OR "THIN WRAPPER" ON TOP OF THE JKI PRODUCT THAT EXPOSES THE\par
FUNCTIONALITY OR SOURCE CODE OF THE JKI PRODUCT TO ANY THIRD PARTY.  YOU WILL\par
NOT MODIFY, DISTRIBUTE OR COMBINE THE JKI PRODUCT WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE SO\par
AS TO (I) CREATE, OR PURPORT TO CREATE, OBLIGATIONS, LIMITATIONS, OR\par
RESTRICTIONS ON THE PART OF JKI; OR (II) REQUIRE OR CONDITION THE USE OR\par
DISTRIBUTION OF SUCH SOFTWARE OR PRODUCT ON, THE DISCLOSURE, LICENSING,\par
DELIVERY OR DISTRIBUTION OF ANY SOURCE CODE FOR ALL OR ANY PORTION OF THE JKI\par
PRODUCT.\par
\par
YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL IMPOSE SIMILAR RESTRICTIONS TO THOSE CONTAINED IN THIS\par
AGREEMENT ON ANY RESELLER, SUBLICENSEE, OR OTHER THIRD PARTY TO WHOM YOU\par
REDISTRIBUTE, SUBLICENSE OR OTHERWISE MAKE AVAILABLE THE JKI PRODUCT.\par
\par
1.3  Ownership; Proprietary Rights.    You acknowledge that the JKI Product,\par
any Updates thereto and their structure and organization are owned by JKI and\par
its suppliers. Accordingly, and except as expressly allowed under this\par
Agreement, you agree (a) not to remove, alter or obscure in any way any\par
proprietary rights notices (including copyright notices and messages\par
indicating the code is JKI property) of JKI or its suppliers on or within the\par
copies of the JKI Product furnished to you by JKI, and (b) that the Customer\par
Product will include in its About Box or other applicable written\par
documentation the notice that the Customer Product "includes the JKI Toolkits\par
for LabVIEW, \u169C (year) JKI. All rights reserved."\par
The JKI Product is licensed, not sold, to you and any and all rights not\par
specifically granted to you by this Agreement, remain in JKI and its\par
suppliers.  The JKI Product is protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret\par
and other proprietary rights of JKI, and you do not acquire any rights,\par
express or implied, in the JKI Product, other than those specified in this\par
Agreement.  No title to or ownership of the JKI Product, nor any copyright,\par
trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights in the JKI Product, are\par
transferred to you under this Agreement.  All modifications, adjustments,\par
enhancements, bug fixes, error corrections or other updates (including any\par
"Updates") to the JKI Product will become part of the JKI Product and will\par
remain the exclusive property of JKI.\par
\par
2.  Use of Third Party Software\par
\par
You understand that the JKI Product may (a) contain or be distributed with\par
computer programs that are distributed as part of the JKI Product and for\par
which the source code is written by persons or entities other than employees\par
of JKI or contractors under the direction of JKI, and/or (b) include tools\par
that access, interact with and/or utilize software object and/or source code\par
obtained by JKI from third parties and that are separate from the JKI Product\par
(in each case, the "Third Party Software").  (For purposes of this Agreement,\par
the JKI Product and any Third Party Software shall be referred to as the\par
"Software".)  Together with its distribution to you of the JKI Product, JKI\par
may make some Third Party Software available to you via download or other\par
distribution.   In addition, following your installation of the JKI Product,\par
the JKI Product may be able to, based on your instruction, connect to the\par
internet and identify additional Third Party Software for download and\par
installation on your computer on your behalf.  This identification and\par
installation process will require you to provide certain information,\par
including information about the JKI Product as installed on your computer, all\par
of which information will be gathered and used by JKI in accordance with its\par
Privacy Policy then in effect.\par
\par
JKI will endeavor to provide you with a list of the Third Party Software and\par
notice of the associated Third Party Software license(s) and terms as of your\par
receipt of the JKI Product; for this information, please refer to the JKI\par
Product documentation available at http://jkisoft.com/manuals/. YOU\par
ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE AND DISTRIBUTION OF ANY SUCH THIRD PARTY\par
SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THE APPLICABLE THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE\par
LICENSE(S), AND THAT YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR COMPLIANCE WITH THE TERMS OF\par
SUCH THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE LICENSE(S). YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE\par
THAT, PRIOR TO USING THE THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE FOR ANY OTHER PURPOSE, AND IN\par
ANY CASE BEFORE COPYING, MODIFYING, OR DISTRIBUTING ANY THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE,\par
YOU WILL CONFIRM THAT YOU HAVE ALL NECESSARY RIGHTS AND PERMISSIONS TO DO SO\par
FROM THE APPLICABLE THIRD PARTY LICENSOR (THE "LICENSOR"), WHICH CONFIRMATION\par
MAY INCLUDE OBTAINING A SEPARATE LICENSE FROM THE LICENSOR EXPRESSLY\par
AUTHORIZING YOU TO DO SO.\par
\par
3.  You Will Not Use nor Disclose Our Confidential Information.\par
\par
Confidential Information hereunder includes, but is not limited to: JKI\par
Product specifications, JKI Product source code, trade secrets, know-how,\par
inventions (whether or not patentable), techniques, processes, programs,\par
ideas, algorithms, schematics, testing procedures, software design and\par
architecture, internal documentation, design and function specifications,\par
product requirements, analysis and performance information, benchmarks,\par
software documents, and other non-public technical, business, product,\par
marketing and financial information, plans and data of JKI (the "Confidential\par
Information").  You agree that all Confidential Information is the\par
confidential property of JKI and, except with JKI's prior written consent or\par
as required (and then only to the extent required) by law, you agree to use\par
any Confidential Information you obtain only as permitted by this Agreement,\par
and not to disclose any Confidential Information to third parties.\par
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may disclose Confidential Information only\par
to those of your employees and consultants as is necessary for the use\par
expressly and unambiguously licensed hereunder, and only after such employees\par
and contractors have agreed in writing to be bound by the obligations of\par
nondisclosure at least as restrictive as those contained in this Agreement.\par
Your nondisclosure obligations hereunder shall not apply to information you\par
can document:  is generally available to the public other than through\par
breach of this Agreement; (ii) is rightfully disclosed to you by a third party\par
without any associated obligation of confidentiality; or (iii) is\par
independently developed by you without use of or reference to any JKI\par
Confidential Information. Because of the unique and proprietary nature of the\par
Confidential Information, you understand and agree that JKI's remedies at law\par
for your breach of your obligations under this Section may be inadequate and\par
that JKI shall be entitled to seek equitable relief (including without\par
limitation provisional and permanent injunctive relief and specific\par
performance). Nothing stated herein shall limit any other remedies provided\par
under this Agreement or available to JKI at law. Upon expiration or\par
termination of this Agreement for any reason, you will return or destroy all\par
copies of all JKI Confidential Information in your possession or control.\par
\par
4.  Communications and Feedback.\par
\par
4.1  Feedback.  In the course of your use of the JKI Product and in connection\par
with any related support or other services that may be offered to you by JKI\par
(the "Services), you may provide JKI with comments and feedback regarding your\par
use and evaluation of the JKI Product, including any defects found therein and\par
any recommendations for changes or modifications to the JKI Product (the\par
"Feedback"). Such Feedback may include, but will not be limited to, any\par
communications from you to JKI, including  any messages, content, materials\par
or other communications posted to the http://jkisoft.com,\par
http://jameskring.com or any other website(s) owned or maintained by JKI;\par
and/or (ii) relating to your use and evaluation of the JKI Product.  Feedback\par
may include communications regarding: (1) which portions of the JKI Product\par
have been used, (2) the nature of that use, (3) the extent or amount of use,\par
(4) any errors or difficulties discovered and (5) the characteristic\par
conditions and symptoms of the errors and difficulties.  You acknowledge and\par
agree that  JKI may use, in any manner and for any purpose, the information\par
gained as a result of your use and evaluation of the JKI Product, including\par
but not limited to the Feedback;  (ii) any corrections, modifications,\par
upgrades or improvements to the JKI Product based on such Feedback or other\par
input shall be owned and retained entirely by JKI; and (iii) JKI shall have no\par
obligation to correct, upgrade, modify, or otherwise support or maintain the\par
JKI Product pursuant to this license.\par
\par
4.2  Assignment.  If you are ever held or deemed to hold any right, title or\par
interest (including, without limitation, any intellectual property rights,\par
moral rights or trade secret rights) in or to: (a) the JKI Product (including\par
any changes, modifications or corrections thereto) and/or (b) the Feedback,\par
whether by virtue of your provision of Feedback to JKI or otherwise, then you\par
hereby irrevocably assign to JKI all such right, title and interest. Such\par
assignment includes all rights in or to any invention, work of authorship,\par
mask work, idea, information, feedback or know-how (whether or not patentable)\par
that is conceived, learned or reduced to practice in the course of performance\par
under this Agreement and any patent rights, copyrights (including moral\par
rights; provided that any non-assignable moral rights are waived to the extent\par
permitted by law), trade secret rights, mask work rights, sui generis database\par
rights and all other intellectual and industrial property rights of any sort\par
with respect thereto that in any way relate to or constitute the Feedback or\par
the JKI Product. In the event that any such rights (including, by way of\par
example and without limitation, "moral rights," or other similar rights)\par
cannot be assigned, you hereby agree to waive enforcement worldwide of such\par
rights against JKI and hereby grant to JKI an exclusive, fully paid,\par
worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual license, with right to sublicense through\par
multiple tiers of sub-licensees, to use, reproduce, create derivative works\par
of, publicly perform, publicly display, transfer, assign and distribute in any\par
medium or format, whether now known or later developed, any and all property\par
that is subject to such rights.  You agree to take any action reasonably\par
requested by JKI to evidence, perfect, obtain, maintain, enforce or defend the\par
foregoing, including executing any and all documents necessary to implement\par
and confirm the letter and intent of this Agreement.\par
\par
5.  NO WARRANTY OR PROMISES;  HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES\par
\par
5.1  NO WARRANTY OR PROMISES.  Your right of termination and refund described\par
in Section 7 constitutes your sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any\par
dissatisfaction with the JKI Product. THE JKI PRODUCT, ANY UPDATES THERETO,\par
AND ALL THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE IS DISTRIBUTED BY JKI ON AN "AS IS" BASIS,\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY PROVIDED BY OR ON BEHALF OF JKI.  PLEASE REFER TO THE\par
APPLICABLE THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE LICENSE FOR ANY WARRANTY THAT MAY BE OFFERED\par
OR DISCLAIMED BY THE LICENSOR OF SUCH SOFTWARE.  WE MAKE NO OTHER WARRANTIES\par
OR REPRESENTATIONS AS TO ANY SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER, AND WE HEREBY\par
DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND\par
NON-INFRINGEMENT.  WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT ANY JKI PRODUCT OR ANY THIRD PARTY\par
SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE.\par
\par
\par
5.2  HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES. THE JKI PRODUCT IS NOT DESIGNED, MANUFACTURED OR\par
INTENDED FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH HAZARDOUS OR "HIGH RISK" ACTIVITIES OR\par
WITH APPLICATIONS THAT REQUIRE FAIL-SAFE PERFORMANCE (TOGETHER, "HIGH RISK"\par
ACTIVITIES).  HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES INCLUDE BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO ACTIVITIES\par
OR APPLICATIONS RELATING TO THE OPERATION OF NUCLEAR FACILITIES, AIR TRAFFIC\par
CONTROL, AEROSPACE OPERATIONS, OR DIRECT LIFE SUPPORT MACHINES, AND ANY OTHER\par
ACTIVITIES OR APPLICATIONS IN WHICH THE FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE COULD LEAD\par
DIRECTLY TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL\par
DAMAGE. ACCORDINGLY, WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES, AND YOU AGREE THAT JKI WILL\par
HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY RELATING TO YOUR USE OR OPERATION OF THE\par
SOFTWARE IN CONNECTION WITH HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES.\par
\par
6.  INDEMNIFICATION BY YOU.  YOU AGREE TO, AT YOUR EXPENSE, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD\par
HARMLESS JKI FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES, LOSSES, ACTIONS,\par
DAMAGES, OR CLAIMS (INCLUDING ALL REASONABLE EXPENSES, COSTS, AND ATTORNEYS\par
FEES) THAT RESULT FROM YOUR DIRECT OR INDIRECT MISAPPROPRIATION OF ANY\par
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS CONTAINED IN ANY SOFTWARE; YOUR VIOLATION OF ANY\par
APPLICABLE LAW; OR YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY HIGH RISK\par
ACTIVITIES.\par
\par
7.  Termination.  You may terminate your license(s) to the JKI Product within\par
thirty (30) days of your receipt of a purchased license to the JKI Product for\par
any reason or no reason and receive a refund for the License Fee you have paid\par
with respect to such purchased license (a "Customer Termination").   This\par
Agreement may be terminated by JKI immediately upon notice of any breach by\par
you of the provisions of this Agreement.  Upon any termination, all licenses\par
granted hereunder shall terminate and you shall immediately cease all use and\par
redistribution of the JKI Product.  Upon any termination, you shall\par
immediately destroy all copies of the JKI Product, together with any and all\par
documentation regarding the JKI Product, any other Confidential Information\par
and any and all copies and extracts of the foregoing.  All other terms of this\par
Agreement shall remain in effect following termination.\par
\par
8.  OUR LIABILITY IS LIMITED.  BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING AND/OR USING THE JKI\par
PRODUCT, YOU AGREE THAT, DESPITE ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR\par
OTHERWISE, JKI WILL NOT  BE LIABLE OR OBLIGATED WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT\par
MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR\par
OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY: (I) FOR ANY AMOUNTS IN EXCESS OF THE TOTAL OF\par
THE LICENSE FEES PAID TO US HEREUNDER IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING ANY\par
CLAIM; (II) FOR ANY COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, TECHNOLOGY,\par
SERVICES OR RIGHTS; OR (III) FOR INTERRUPTION OF USE OR LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF\par
DATA.  DESPITE ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE\par
NOR OBLIGATED WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT OR UNDER\par
ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY:\par
(I) FOR ANY MATTER BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL, OR (II) FOR ANY SPECIAL,\par
INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST DATA OR LOST PROFITS, EVEN\par
IF WE ARE INFORMED OF THEIR POSSIBILITY.  THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY\par
DESPITE THE FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.  ANY\par
ACTIONS BASED ON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR RELATING TO THE SOFTWARE\par
SUPPLIED HEREUNDER, MUST BE BROUGHT WITHIN ONE YEAR OF THE DATE OF TERMINATION\par
OF THIS AGREEMENT.\par
\par
9.  Payment.  You agree to pay us the License Fee(s) for the JKI Products you\par
are purchasing concurrently, at the time you accept the terms of this\par
Agreement, or as JKI may otherwise agree in writing.  All payments are\par
non-cancelable and non-refundable, except for your right of refund upon\par
Customer Termination as described in Section 7.  Fees charged by us do not\par
include any sales, use, excise, value-added, or similar taxes, and do not\par
include any duties or fees payable on the delivery of software in countries\par
other than the United States.  Any such taxes, duties, or fees shall be either\par
added to our invoice or paid directly by you.  You will not, however, be\par
liable for taxes imposed on us based on our income.\par
\par
10.  Publicity.  Except as provided under Section 4 hereof, neither party may\par
issue press releases or endorsements which reference the other party or make\par
any use of the other party's name, logo or trademark without the prior written\par
consent of the other party.\par
\par
11. You Will Comply with Export Regulations and other Applicable Laws;\par
Transfer of Personal Data.  On your own behalf and on behalf of your\par
sublicensees and any third parties to whom you redistribute or make available\par
the JKI Product: You agree that the Software will not be shipped, transferred\par
or exported into any country or used in any manner prohibited by the United\par
States Export Administration Act or any other applicable laws, restrictions or\par
regulations (collectively the "Laws")  In addition, if all or any portion of\par
the Software is identified as an export controlled item under any export Laws,\par
you represent and warrant that you are not a citizen, or otherwise located\par
within, an embargoed nation (including without limitation Iran, Iraq, Syria,\par
Sudan, Libya, Cuba, North Korea, and Serbia) and that you are not otherwise\par
prohibited under any Laws from receiving or using the Software.   If you\par
reside in any part of the European Union or any other jurisdiction in which\par
the transfer of your personal data may apply, you expressly consent to the\par
transfer of any personal or other data identifying or relating to you or the\par
entity on whose behalf you are accepting this Agreement.\par
You agree that you will impose similar restrictions to those contained in this\par
Agreement on any reseller, sublicensee, or other third party to whom you\par
redistribute, sublicense or otherwise make available the JKI Product.\par
\par
12.  U.S. Government Users.  The JKI Product is a "Commercial Item," as that\par
term is defined at 48 C.F.R. \u167S2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer\par
Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation," as such terms are\par
used in 48 C.F.R. \u167S12.212 or 48 C.F.R. \u167S227.7202, as applicable. Consistent\par
with 48 C.F.R. \u167S12.212 and 48 C.F.R. \u167S\u167S227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as\par
applicable, the JKI Product is being provided to U.S. Government end users (1)\par
only as a Commercial Item, and (2) with only those rights as are granted to\par
all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.\par
\par
13.  Miscellaneous.\par
\par
(a)  You may not assign, transfer, or sublicense any obligations or benefit\par
under this Agreement without the written consent of JKI.   This restriction\par
shall not apply to any redistribution of software as provided under a separate\par
Third Party Software license allowing for such redistribution.\par
\par
(b)  We agree that we are independent contractors and neither of us has the\par
right or authority to assume or create any obligation or responsibility on\par
behalf of the other.\par
\par
(c)  All notices under this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be deemed\par
given when personally delivered or three (3) days after being sent by prepaid\par
certified or registered mail to the address of the party to be noticed as set\par
forth herein or such other address as such party has provided to the other.  \par
\par
(d)  No failure or delay in exercising any right hereunder will operate as a\par
waiver thereof, nor will any partial exercise of any right or power hereunder\par
preclude further exercise.\par
\par
(e)  If any provision of this Agreement shall be adjudged by any court of\par
competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be\par
limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement\par
shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.\par
\par
(f)  This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in, and shall be\par
construed pursuant to the laws of, the State of California and the United\par
States without regard to the conflict of law provisions thereof.   The United\par
Nation's Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is\par
expressly excluded from application to this Agreement.  The sole venue for all\par
disputes relating to this Agreement shall be in San Francisco County,\par
California.\par
\par
(g)  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of\par
which shall be considered an original, but all of which together will\par
constitute one and the same instrument.\par
\par
(h)  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between us pertaining to\par
the subject matter hereof, and any and all written or oral agreements\par
previously existing between the parties are expressly cancelled.  This\par
Agreement may be modified, replaced or rescinded only in writing, and signed\par
by a duly authorized representative of each party.\par
\par
  In any action to enforce this Agreement the prevailing party will be\par
entitled to reasonable costs and attorneys' fees. In the event that any of the\par
provisions of this Agreement shall be held by a court or other tribunal of\par
competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited\par
or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall\par
otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.\par
\par
(j)  You acknowledge and agree that JKI will treat any information it gathers\par
about or from you in accordance with its Privacy Policy currently in effect\par
and available at http://jkisoft.com/legal/privacy/.\par
\par
14.  BASIS OF BARGAIN.  EACH PARTY RECOGNIZES AND AGREES THAT THE WARRANTY\par
DISCLAIMERS AND LIABILITY AND REMEDY LIMITATIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE\par
MATERIAL, BARGAINED FOR BASES OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT THEY HAVE BEEN TAKEN\par
INTO ACCOUNT AND REFLECTED IN DETERMINING THE CONSIDERATION TO BE GIVEN BY\par
EACH PARTY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND IN THE DECISION BY EACH PARTY TO ENTER\par
INTO THIS AGREEMENT.\par
\par
February 2008
}
 
