{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl240\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 CAREFULLY READ THIS COLLECTION OF INFORMATION AND LICENSE AGREEMENTS.  BY CLICKING THE "ACCEPT" OR "AGREE" BUTTON, OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING, DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE ON BEHALF OF LICENSEE TO BE BOUND BY THIS INFORMATION AND LICENSE AGREEMENTS (TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE TO THE SPECIFIC SOFTWARE YOU OBTAIN AND THE SPECIFIC MANNER IN WHICH YOU USE SUCH SOFTWARE).\par
\par
IF LICENSEE DOES NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE INFORMATION AND LICENSE AGREEMENTS BELOW, DO NOT CLICK THE "ACCEPT" OR "AGREE" BUTTON OR ACCESS, DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE; AND IF LICENSEE HAS ALREADY OBTAINED THE SOFTWARE FROM AN AUTHORIZED SOURCE, PROMPTLY RETURN IT FOR A REFUND.\par
\par
Part One: Overview.\par
\par
The following information applies to certain items of third-party technology that are included along with certain Xilinx software tools.\par
\par
The Xilinx Embedded Development Kit (EDK) is a suite of software and other technology that enables Licensee to design a complete embedded processor system for use in a Xilinx Device.  EDK includes, among other components, (a) the Xilinx Platform Studio (XPS), which is the development environment, or GUI, used for designing the hardware portion of an embedded processor system; and (b) the Xilinx Software Development Kit (SDK), which is an integrated development environment, complementary to XPS, that is used to create and verify C/C++ embedded software applications.  SDK is also made available separately from EDK.\par
 \par
Licensee's use of the GNU compilers (including associated libraries and utilities) that are supplied with SDK may cause Licensee's software application (or board-support package) to be governed by certain third-party "open source" license agreements, as further described below.  Licensee can avoid this result by using alternative compilers, libraries, and utilities of its own choosing in lieu of the GNU compilers (and associated libraries and utilities) supplied with SDK. \par
 \par
First:  Xilinx provides three types of software drivers: (a) stand-alone drivers, (b) VxWorks drivers, and (c) Linux drivers.  The Linux drivers are made available under the terms of the GNU GPL and are subject to that license.\par
 \par
Second:  Compiling (i.e., used for C/C++ code/drivers) with the GNU compilers will add certain "newlib" utilities to Licensee's software application.  The specific utility or utilities chosen by the Licensee will be covered under one or more of the various licenses set forth in the collection of "newlib" licenses described below. \par
 \par
Third:  Compiling (i.e., used for C/C++ code/drivers) with the GNU compilers adds certain "start up" code to Licensee's software application.  This "start up" code may be covered under the GNU LGPL, or, alternatively, there may be other license terms (including possible exceptions or exemptions from certain obligations of the GNU licenses) governing such "start up" code which would be contained or described in the header files or other accompanying source files for such "start up" code. \par
 \par
Fourth:  If the Licensee chooses to use the LWIP stack, the LWIP code becomes part of Licensee's software application.  The LWIP code is covered by a license described below.\par
 \par
Note:  Licensee is solely responsible for checking the header files and other accompanying source files of all software applications created from the use of the GNU compliers (and associated libraries and utilities) that are supplied with SDK because such header and/or source files may contain or describe various copyright notices and license terms and conditions governing such files, which vary from case to case based on Licensee's usage and are beyond the control of Xilinx.  This summary and the license information provided below is for reference purposes and is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all copyright notices or third-party license terms and conditions applicable to SDK.  Licensee is solely responsible for complying with the terms and conditions imposed by third parties as applicable to the Licensee's software applications created from the use of the GNU compilers (and associated libraries and utilities) that are supplied with SDK.\par
 \par
\par
The remainder of this document is organized into various parts, as follows:\par
\par
Part Two: Licensee Redistributable Content.\par
     Index:\par
     Licenses and Notices:\par
\par
Part Two contains a list of notices, licenses and/or other information related to certain items of third-party technology that Xilinx has identified and categorized as "Licensee Redistributable Content", which means that Xilinx has included this third-party technology with the Xilinx Software for the purpose of enabling a Xilinx customer to distribute it (or a portion of it, or a derivative form of it) as part of such customer's design or product.  \par
\par
Part Three: Other Third-Party Content.\par
     Index:\par
     Licenses and Notices:\par
\par
Part Three contains a list of additional notices, licenses and/or other information related to certain items of third-party technology other than as provided in Part Two.  Please note that by listing certain items in this Part Three as opposed to Part Two above, Xilinx does not abrogate or diminish in any respect either its own obligations, or Licensee's rights (if and as may be applicable), with respect to the (present or future) distribution of such items.  With respect to any license that requires Xilinx to make available to recipients of object code distributed by Xilinx pursuant to such license the corresponding source code, and if you desire to receive such source code from Xilinx and cannot access the internet to obtain a copy thereof, then Xilinx hereby offers (which offer is valid for as long as required by the applicable license; and we may charge you the cost thereof unless prohibited by the license) to provide you with a copy of such source code; and to accept such offer send a letter requesting such source code (please be specific by identifying the particular Xilinx Software you are inquiring about (name and version number), to:  Xilinx, Inc., Legal Department, Attention: Software Compliance Officer, 2100 Logic Drive, San Jose, CA U.S.A. 95124.\par
\par
Part Four: Certain Third-Party Template Licenses.\par
     Index:\par
     Text of Template Licenses:\par
\par
Part Five: Additional Acknowledgements.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Part Two: Licensee Redistributable Content.\par
\par
Index:\par
\par
eglibc (for MicroBlaze)\par
ffmpeg 1.2\par
gcc for MicroBlaze 4.6.4\par
gcc (for PowerPC)\par
gcc (added 3/30/2012)\par
IBM PowerPC Performance Libraries\par
Linux Kernel and BSP files\par
LWIP 1.3.0\par
LWIP 1.4.0\par
newlib (for MicroBlaze)\par
newlib (for PowerPC)\par
newlib (added 3/30/2012)\par
OpenCV 2.4.3\par
Sourcery CodeBench Lite for Xilinx Cortex-A9 (GNU/Linux)\par
Sourcery CodeBench Lite for Xilinx Cortex-A9 (EABI)\par
WindRiver BSP Template Files\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Licenses and Notices:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
eglibc (for MicroBlaze)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
 * Copyright (c) 2010, Oracle America, Inc.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
 * met:\par
 *\par
 *     * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 *     * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above\par
 *       copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following\par
 *       disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials\par
 *       provided with the distribution.\par
 *     * Neither the name of the "Oracle America, Inc." nor the names of its\par
 *       contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
 *       from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 *   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
 *   "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
 *   LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS\par
 *   FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
 *   COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,\par
 *   INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 *   DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE\par
 *   GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
 *   INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
 *   WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
 *   NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
 *   OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
----------------------------------------------------------- \par
 \par
/* Copyright (C) 1985-2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
   modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
   License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
   version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
   The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
   Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
   License along with the GNU C Library; if not, write to the Free\par
   Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA\par
   02111-1307 USA.\par
   As a special exception, if you link the code in this file with\par
   files compiled with a GNU compiler to produce an executable,\par
   that does not cause the resulting executable to be covered by\par
   the GNU Lesser General Public License.  This exception does not\par
   however invalidate any other reasons why the executable file\par
   might be covered by the GNU Lesser General Public License.\par
   This exception applies to code released by its copyright holders\par
   in files containing the exception.  */\par
   \par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------  \par
\par
    /* Copyright (C) 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005  Simon Josefsson\par
 *\par
 * This file is part of GNU Libidn.\par
 *\par
 * GNU Libidn is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
 * modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
 * License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
 * version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
 *\par
 * GNU Libidn is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
 * but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
 * Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
 *\par
 * You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
 * License along with GNU Libidn; if not, write to the Free Software\par
 * Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA\par
\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
    \par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
 \par
  /* Copyright (C) 1992 Eric Young */\par
  /* Collected from libdes and modified for SECURE RPC by Martin Kuck 1994 */\par
  /* This file is distributed under the terms of the GNU Lesser General */\par
  /* Public License, version 2.1 or later - see the file COPYING.LIB for details.*/\par
  /* If you did not receive a copy of the license with this program, please*/\par
  /* write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330,*/\par
  /* Boston, MA 02111, USA to obtain a copy. */\par
\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
  \par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
* Copyright (C) 1982, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1993 Regents of the University of California.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
 *    without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 * SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
 \par
* Copyright (c) 2004 by Internet Systems Consortium, Inc. ("ISC")\par
 * Copyright (c) 1995-1999 by Internet Software Consortium.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
 *\par
 * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND INTERNET SOFTWARE CONSORTIUM DISCLAIMS\par
 * ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 * OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTERNET SOFTWARE\par
 * CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR\par
 * PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS\par
 * ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS\par
 * SOFTWARE.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
 \par
 * Mach Operating System\par
 * Copyright (c) 1987-1991 Carnegie Mellon University\par
 * All Rights Reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute this software and its\par
 * documentation is hereby granted, provided that both the copyright\par
 * notice and this permission notice appear in all copies of the\par
 * software, derivative works or modified versions, and any portions\par
 * thereof, and that both notices appear in supporting documentation.\par
 *\par
 * CARNEGIE MELLON ALLOWS FREE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE IN ITS "AS IS"\par
 * CONDITION.  CARNEGIE MELLON DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY OF ANY KIND FOR\par
 * ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
 *\par
 * Carnegie Mellon requests users of this software to return to\par
 *\par
 *  Software Distribution Coordinator  or  Software.Distribution@CS.CMU.EDU\par
 *  School of Computer Science\par
 *  Carnegie Mellon University\par
 *  Pittsburgh PA 15213-3890\par
 * any improvements or extensions that they make and grant Carnegie the \par
 * rights to redistribute these changes. \par
 \par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
* Portions Copyright (c) 1993 by Digital Equipment Corporation.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies, and that\par
 * the name of Digital Equipment Corporation not be used in advertising or\par
 * publicity pertaining to distribution of the document or software without\par
 * specific, written prior permission.\par
 *\par
 * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORP. DISCLAIMS ALL\par
 * WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 * OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS.   IN NO EVENT SHALL DIGITAL EQUIPMENT\par
 * CORPORATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR\par
 * PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS\par
 * ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS\par
 * SOFTWARE.\par
 \par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
# Copyright (C) 1985-2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
# This file is distributed under the same license as the glibc package.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------  \par
\par
  # Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,\par
  # 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software\par
  # Foundation, Inc.\par
  #\par
  # This configure script is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
  # gives unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify it.\par
  \par
-----------------------------------------------------------  \par
\par
   /* The Inner Net License, Version 2.00\par
    The author(s) grant permission for redistribution and use in source and\par
  binary forms, with or without modification, of the software and documentation\par
  provided that the following conditions are met:\par
  0. If you receive a version of the software that is specifically labelled\par
     as not being for redistribution (check the version message and/or README),\par
     you are not permitted to redistribute that version of the software in any\par
     way or form.\par
  1. All terms of the all other applicable copyrights and licenses must be\par
     followed.\par
  2. Redistributions of source code must retain the authors' copyright\par
     notice(s), this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.\par
  3. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the authors' copyright\par
     notice(s), this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer in the\par
     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
  4. [The copyright holder has authorized the removal of this clause.]\par
  5. Neither the name(s) of the author(s) nor the names of its contributors\par
     may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
     without specific prior written permission.\par
  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ITS AUTHORS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY\par
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
  WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
  DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
  DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
  (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
  LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON\par
  ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
  SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
    If these license terms cause you a real problem, contact the author.  */\par
  /* This software is Copyright 1996 by Craig Metz, All Rights Reserved.  */\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
   * Copyright (C) 1993, 2011 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
   *\par
   * Developed at SunPro, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business.\par
   * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
   * software is freely granted, provided that this notice\par
   * is preserved.\par
   \par
-----------------------------------------------------------  \par
\par
   * Copyright (c) 1989 Carnegie Mellon University. \par
   *\par
   * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
   * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
   * are met:\par
   * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
   * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
   * 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
   *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
   *    without specific prior written permission.\par
   *\par
   * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY AND\par
   * CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
   * INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
   * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
   * IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
   * DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
   * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE\par
   * GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
   * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER\par
   * IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR\par
   * OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN\par
   * IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
   \par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
  \par
  # Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,\par
  # 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  # This configure script is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
  # gives unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify it.\par
  \par
 ----------------------------------------------------------- \par
\par
  // Copyright (c) 2000 - 2004, Intel Corporation\par
  // All rights reserved.\par
  //\par
  // Contributed 2000 by the Intel Numerics Group, Intel Corporation\par
  //\par
  // Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
  // modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
  // met:\par
  //\par
  // * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
  // notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
  //\par
  // * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
  // notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
  // documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
  //\par
  // * The name of Intel Corporation may not be used to endorse or promote\par
  // products derived from this software without specific prior written\par
  // permission.\par
  //\par
  // THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
  // "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
  // LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
  // A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL OR ITS\par
  // CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\par
  // EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
  // PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
  // PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY\par
  // OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
  // NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
  // SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
  //\par
  // Intel Corporation is the author of this code, and requests that all\par
  // problem reports or change requests be submitted to it directly at\par
  // http://www.intel.com/software/products/opensource/libraries/num.htm.\par
  \par
-----------------------------------------------------------  \par
\par
  # Copyright 1991 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology\par
  #\par
  # Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its\par
  # documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that\par
  # the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that\par
  # copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting\par
  # documentation, and that the name of M.I.T. not be used in advertising or\par
  # publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific,\par
  # written prior permission.  M.I.T. makes no representations about the\par
  # suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is"\par
  # without express or implied warranty.\par
   \par
-----------------------------------------------------------  \par
\par
Copyright 1995 by Tom Lord\par
                          All Rights Reserved\par
  Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its\par
  documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,\par
  provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that\par
  both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in\par
  supporting documentation, and that the name of the copyright holder not be\par
  used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the\par
  software without specific, written prior permission.\par
  Tom Lord DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
  INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO\par
  EVENT SHALL TOM LORD BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR\par
  CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF\par
  USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR\par
  OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR\par
  PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------  \par
 \par
  # Copyright \u169C 1998, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  # Fabio Dorival Victorelli <fabio@conectiva.com.br>, 1998.\par
  # M\u225arcio Macedo <marciom@conectiva.com.br>, 1998.\par
  # Arnaldo Carvalho de Mello <acme@conectiva.com.br>, 1998.\par
  # Sandro Nunes Henrique <sandro@conectiva.com.br>, 1998.\par
  # Rodrigo Stulzer Lopes <rodrigo@conectiva.com.br>, 1999.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------  \par
\par
  # Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  # Nilg\u195A\u188en Belma Bug\u195A\u188ener <nilgun@buguner.name.tr>, 2001, ..., 2006, 2007.\par
  # Onur Tolga \u197A\u382zehito\u196A\u376Ylu <onur@lcsl.metu.edu.tr>, 1998.\par
  \par
-----------------------------------------------------------  \par
\par
   # Copyright (C) 2002, 2003 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   # Ales Nyakhaychyk <nab@mail.by>, 2002, 2003.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------  \par
\par
  # Copyright (C) 2002 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  # Denis Lackovic <delacko@fly.srk.fer.hr>, 2002.\par
  # This file is distributed under the same license as the libc package.\par
  # Denis Lackovic <delacko@fly.srk.fer.hr>, 2002.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
  # Copyright \u169C 1996, 2002 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  # Karl Eichwalder <ke@suse.de>, 2002.\par
  # Jochen Hein <jochen@jochen.org>, 1996-2000.\par
  \par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
  \par
  # Copyright (C) 2000 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  # Robert Brady <rwb197@ecs.soton.ac.uk>, 2000.\par
    \par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
    \par
  # Copyright (C) 1998-2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  # Marcel Telka <marcel@telka.sk>, 2002, 2003, 2004.\par
  # Stanislav Meduna <stano@meduna.org>, 1998-2001.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
  # Copyright (C) 2002, 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  # LI Daobing <lidaobing@gmail.com>, 2007.\par
  # Wang Li <charles@linux.net.cn>, 2002.\par
 \par
-----------------------------------------------------------  \par
\par
  # Copyright (C) 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  # Nikos Mavroyanopoulos <nmav@hellug.gr>, 1999, 2000.\par
  # Simos Xenitellis <S.Xenitellis@rhbnc.ac.uk>, 1999, 2000, 2001.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
 \par
  # Copyright (C) 1999, 2000, 2002 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  # Jacobo Tarrio <jtarrio@trasno.net>, 1999, 2000, 2002.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
  # Copyright (C) 2005 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  # Steve Murphy <murf@e-tools.com>, 2005.\par
  # Steve performed initial rough translation from compendium built from translations provided by the following translators:\par
  # Philibert Ndandali  <ndandali@yahoo.fr>, 2005.\par
  # Viateur MUGENZI <muvia1@yahoo.fr>, 2005.\par
  # No\u195A\u171<lla Mupole <s24211045@tuks.co.za>, 2005.\par
  # Carole Karema <karemacarole@hotmail.com>, 2005.\par
  # JEAN BAPTISTE NGENDAHAYO <ngenda_denis@yahoo.co.uk>, 2005.\par
  # Augustin KIBERWA  <akiberwa@yahoo.co.uk>, 2005.\par
  # Donatien NSENGIYUMVA <ndonatienuk@yahoo.co.uk>, 2005.\par
  # Antoine Bigirimana <antoine@e-tools.com>, 2005.\par
 \par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
  # Copyright (C) 2000, 05 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  # Tung-Han Hsieh <thhsieh@linux.org.tw>, 2000\par
  # Yuan-Chung Cheng <platin@ch.ntu.edu.tw>, 2000\par
  # Wei-Lun Chao <chaoweilun@pcmail.com.tw>, 2005\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
ffmpeg 1.2\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
---------------\par
\par
This file is part of FFmpeg. FFmpeg is free software; you can redistribute it and/or \par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the \par
Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any \par
later version. FFmpeg is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT \par
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS \par
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more\par
details. You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License \par
along with FFmpeg; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin \par
Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA / @file simple media prober based \par
on the FFmpeg libraries /\par
\par
Copyright 1990 James Ashton - Sydney University  \par
Copyright 1997-1998 Rasca, Berlin 2003-2004 Karl H. Beckers, Frankfurt \par
Copyright 1997-2001 ZSNES Team \par
Copyright 1997-99 by H. Dietz and R. Fisher Converted to C and improved by Fabrice Bellard.   \par
Copyright 1999 Intel Corporation\par
Copyright 1999 Roger Hardiman  \par
Copyright 1999,2000 Sebastien\par
Copyright 2000 Michel Lespinasse \par
Copyright 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003 Fabrice Bellard \par
Copyright 2001 Daniel Maas\par
Copyright 2001 Donald A. Graft \par
Copyright 2001 Juan J. Sierralta P  \par
Copyright 2001 Lionel Ulmer \par
Copyright 2001 Michel Lespinasse \par
Copyright 2001, 2002, 2003 Fabrice Bellard\par
Copyright 2001-2003 BERO \par
Copyright 2001-2003 The ffmpeg Project \par
Copyright 2001-2013 Michael Niedermayer \par
Copyright 2002 Alex Beregszaszi \par
Copyright 2002 Anders Johansson \par
Copyright 2002 A'rpi    \par
Copyright 2002 Brian Foley  \par
Copyright 2002 Dieter Shirley  \par
Copyright 2002 Fabrice Bellard    \par
Copyright 2002 Falk Hueffner \par
Copyright 2002 Francois Revol  \par
Copyright 2002 Gildas Bazin\par
Copyright 2002 Gunnar Monell \par
Copyright 2002 Jindrich Makovicka \par
Copyright 2002 Laszlo Torok \par
Copyright 2002 Lennert Buytenhek\par
Copyright 2002 Mark Hills \par
Copyright 2002 Remi Guyomarch \par
Copyright 2002 Steve O'Hara-Smith \par
Copyright 2002 the ffmpeg project \par
Copyright 2002 the xine project\par
Copyright 2002-2003 Brian J. Murrell\par
Copyright 2002-2003 Fabrice Bellard\par
Copyright 2002-2004 Maxim Poliakovski  \par
Copyright 2002-2004 Roberto Togni \par
Copyright 2002-2007 The FFmpeg Project \par
Copyright 2003 Alex Beregszaszi   \par
Copyright 2003 Alex Beregszaszi & Mike Melanson\par
Copyright 2003 Daniel Moreno \par
Copyright 2003 David S. Miller\par
Copyright 2003 Donald A. Graft  \par
Copyright 2003 Dr. Tim Ferguson \par
Copyright 2003 Ewald Snel  \par
Copyright 2003 Gustavo Sverzut Barbieri\par
Copyright 2003 Ivan Kalvachev \par
Copyright 2003 James Klicman \par
Copyright 2003 Max Krasnyansky\par
Copyright 2003 Michael Niedermayer \par
Copyright 2003 Michael Niedermayer based upon code from Sebastian Jedruszkiewicz\par
Copyright 2003 Michael Zucchi\par
Copyright 2003 Michel Bardiaux   \par
Copyright 2003 Mike Melanson  \par
Copyright 2003 Nick Kurshev \par
Copyright 2003 Pascal Massimino \par
Copyright 2003 Rich Felker  \par
Copyright 2003 Roberto Togni \par
Copyright 2003 Romain Dolbeau \par
Copyright 2003 Roman Shaposhnik\par
Copyright 2003 Sascha Sommer  \par
Copyright 2003 Thomas Raivio  \par
Copyright 2003 Tinic Uro   \par
Copyright 2003-2004 Romain Dolbeau  \par
Copyright 2003-2005 by Christopher R. Hertel \par
Copyright 2004 Adam Thayer\par
Copyright 2004 Alex Beregszaszi  \par
Copyright 2004 Benjamin Zores  \par
Copyright 2004 Denes Balatoni. \par
Copyright 2004 Gildas Bazin  \par
Copyright 2004 Konstantin Shishkov \par
Copyright 2004 Maarten Daniels  \par
Copyright 2004 Mike Melanson \par
Copyright 2004 Romain Dolbeau \par
Copyright 2004 Roman Shaposhnik \par
Copyright 2004 Tobias Diedrich  \par
Copyright 2004-2005 Michael Niedermayer, Loren Merritt  \par
Copyright 2005 Alban Bedel\par
Copyright 2005 Alex Beregszaszi \par
Copyright 2005 Anonymous, Alex Beregszaszi, Michael Niedermayer \par
Copyright 2005 Balatoni Denes  \par
Copyright 2005 Benjamin Larsson    \par
Copyright 2005 David Hammerton\par
Copyright 2005 Denes Balatoni \par
Copyright 2005 Eric Lasota \par
Copyright 2005 Fabrice Bellard \par
Copyright 2005 Francois Revol  \par
Copyright 2005 Ian Caulfield \par
Copyright 2005 Jeff Muizelaar  \par
Copyright 2005 Konstantin Shishkov    \par
Copyright 2005 Luca Barbato \par
Copyright 2005 Mans Rullgard \par
Copyright 2005 Matthieu CASTET  \par
Copyright 2005 Ole Andr\u233e V. Ravn\u229as   \par
Copyright 2005 Reimar D\u246offinger \par
Copyright 2005 Robert Edele \par
Copyright 2005 Roberto Togni  \par
Copyright 2005 Roine Gustafsson  \par
Copyright 2005 Steve Underwood\par
Copyright 2005 Vidar Madsen\par
Copyright 2005 Wim Taymans  \par
Copyright 2005 Wolfram Gloger \par
Copyright 2005, 2011 Peter Ross \par
Copyright 2005-2006 Oded Shimon \par
Copyright 2005-2006 Robert Edele\par
Copyright 2005-2008 Diego Biurrun \par
Copyright 2005-2008 Mans Rullgard \par
Copyright 2006 Alex Beregszaszi\par
Copyright 2006 Aurelien Jacobs\par
Copyright 2006 Baptiste Coudurier  \par
Copyright 2006 Benjamin Larsson   \par
Copyright 2006 Clemens Fruhwirth \par
Copyright 2006 Corey Hickey  \par
Copyright 2006 Cyril Zorin    \par
Copyright 2006 Daniel Maas\par
Copyright 2006 DivX, Inc.   \par
Copyright 2006 Gregory Montoir \par
Copyright 2006 Guillaume Poirier\par
Copyright 2006 Ivo van Poorten \par
Copyright 2006 Julian Hall  \par
Copyright 2006 Justin Ruggles \par
Copyright 2006 Kartikey Mahendra BHATT \par
Copyright 2006 Konstantin Shishkov\par
Copyright 2006 Loren Merritt \par
Copyright 2006 Luca Abeni \par
Copyright 2006 Luca Barbato \par
Copyright 2006 Mans Rullgard  \par
Copyright 2006 Michael Benjamin\par
Copyright 2006 Oded Shimon\par
Copyright 2006 Oded Shimon \par
Copyright 2006 onstantin Shishkov    \par
Copyright 2006 Patrick Guimond \par
Copyright 2006 Paul Richards \par
Copyright 2006 Peter Ross  \par
Copyright 2006 Reimar Doeffinger   \par
Copyright 2006 Robert Edele\par
Copyright 2006 Roman Shaposhnik  \par
Copyright 2006 Ryan Martell. \par
Copyright 2006 Smartjog S.A.S, Baptiste Coudurier\par
Copyright 2006 Stefan Gehrer \par
Copyright 2006 Steve Lhomme  \par
Copyright 2006 Thijs Vermeir\par
Copyright 2006, 2007 Michel Bardiaux \par
Copyright 2006, 2008 Konstantin Shishkov    \par
Copyright 2006, 2011 Konstantin Shishkov \par
Copyright 2006,2007 Ryan Martell  \par
Copyright 2006,2008 Peter Ross\par
Copyright 2006,2011 Konstantin Shishkov    \par
Copyright 2006-2007 Benjamin Larsson  \par
Copyright 2006-2007 Kevin Stone\par
Copyright 2006-2007 Konstantin Shishkov Partly \par
Copyright 2006-2007 Maxim Gavrilov \par
Copyright 2006-2007 Maxim Poliakovski\par
Copyright 2006-2007 Robert Swain\par
Copyright 2006-2008 Benjamin Larsson   \par
Copyright 2006-2008 Maxim Poliakovski  \par
Copyright 2006-2008 Peter Ross \par
Copyright 2006-2008 Ramiro Polla \par
Copyright 2006-2008 Rob Sykes\par
Copyright 2006-2010 Justin Ruggles\par
Copyright 2006-2010 Prakash Punnoor \par
Copyright 2006-2011 Justin Ruggles \par
Copyright 2007 Alexis Ballier\par
Copyright 2007 Anssi Hannula\par
Copyright 2007 Aurelien Jacobs \par
Copyright 2007 Baptiste Coudurier \par
Copyright 2007 Baptiste Coudurier, Benjamin Larsson, Ulion  \par
Copyright 2007 Bartlomiej Wolowiec   \par
Copyright 2007 Benjamin Zores \par
Copyright 2007 Benoit Fouet  \par
Copyright 2007 Bj\u246orn Axelsson  \par
Copyright 2007 Bobby\par
Copyright 2007 Bobby Bingham\par
Copyright 2007 by Ivo van\par
Copyright 2007 by Ivo van Poorten  \par
Copyright 2007 Christian Ohm, \par
Copyright 2007 Clemens Fruhwirth\par
Copyright 2007 Collabora Ltd, Philippe Kalaf  \par
Copyright 2007 David Conrad   \par
Copyright 2007 Denes Balatoni\par
Copyright 2007 Edward Hervey  \par
Copyright 2007 Ian Caulfield  \par
Copyright 2007 Ivo van Poorten \par
Copyright 2007 Justin Ruggles  \par
Copyright 2007 Kamil Nowosad   \par
Copyright 2007 KonstantinShishkov  \par
Copyright 2007 Loren Merritt \par
Copyright 2007 Luca Abeni  \par
Copyright 2007 Luca Barbato \par
Copyright 2007 Mans Rullgard\par
Copyright 2007 Marc Hoffman \par
Copyright 2007 Marco Gerards \par
Copyright 2007 Mike Melanson, Konstantin Shishkov  \par
Copyright 2007 Nicholas Tung \par
Copyright 2007 Nicolas George \par
Copyright 2007 Nokia Corporation  \par
Copyright 2007 Peter Ross  \par
Copyright 2007 Reimar Doeffinger   \par
Copyright 2007 Reynaldo H. Verdejo\par
Copyright 2007 Ronald S. Bultje\par
Copyright 2007 Siarhei Siamashka \par
Copyright 2007 SmartJog S.A., Baptiste Coudurier\par
Copyright 2007 The Libav Project  \par
Copyright 2007 Vitor Sessak    \par
Copyright 2007 Vladimir Voroshilov\par
Copyright 2007 Wolfram Gloger  \par
Copyright 2007, 2008 Ivo van Poorten\par
Copyright 2007-2008 Bartlomiej Wolowiec \par
Copyright 2007-2008 Ian Caulfield   \par
Copyright 2007-2008 Ian Caulfield 2009 Ramiro Polla\par
Copyright 2007-2008 Vladimir Voroshilov\par
Copyright 2007-2009 Peter Ross \par
Copyright 2007-2011 Peter Ross \par
Copyright 2007-2013 Stefano Sabatini \par
Copyright 2007Reimar Doeffinger \par
Copyright 2008 - 2011 Sascha Sommer\par
Copyright 2008 - 2011 Sascha Sommer, Benjamin Larsson  \par
Copyright 2008 Affine Systems, Inc \par
Copyright 2008 Alessandro Sappia   \par
Copyright 2008 Alexander E. Patrakov \par
Copyright 2008 Alexander Strange\par
Copyright 2008 Aurelien Jacobs\par
Copyright 2008 Baptiste Coudurier \par
Copyright 2008 BBC, Anuradha Suraparaju \par
Copyright 2008 Benjamin Larsson   \par
Copyright 2008 David Conrad \par
Copyright 2008 Eli Friedman\par
Copyright 2008 Gregory Montoir \par
Copyright 2008 Ivo van Poorten\par
Copyright 2008 Jaikrishnan Menon \par
Copyright 2008 Justin Ruggles   \par
Copyright 2008 Konstantin Shishkov   \par
Copyright 2008 Laurent Aimar <fenrir@videolan.org>\par
Copyright 2008 Loren Merrit \par
Copyright 2008 Luca Abeni  \par
Copyright 2008 Maxim Poliakovski \par
Copyright 2008 NVIDIA  \par
Copyright 2008 Paul Kendall \par
Copyright 2008 Peter Ross  \par
Copyright 2008 Ramiro Polla    \par
Copyright 2008 Reimar D\u246offinger  \par
Copyright 2008 Robert Swain  \par
Copyright 2008 robs@users.sourceforge.net \par
Copyright 2008 Ronald S. Bultje \par
Copyright 2008 Sascha Sommer \par
Copyright 2008 Siarhei Siamashka \par
Copyright 2008 Sisir Koppaka  \par
Copyright 2008 Vitor Sessak   \par
Copyright 2008 Vladimir Voroshilov  \par
Copyright 2008 vmrsss  \par
Copyright 2008, 2010, 2011 Mans Rullgard \par
Copyright 2008-2009 Andrej Stepanchuk  \par
Copyright 2008-2009 Konstantin Shishkov\par
Copyright 2008-2009 Robert Swain\par
Copyright 2008-2009 Robert Swain \par
Copyright 2008-2009 Splitted-Desktop Systems    \par
Copyright 2008-2010 Paul Kendall  \par
Copyright 2008-2010 Peter Ross\par
Copyright 2008-9 robs@users.sourceforge.net \par
Copyright 2009 - 2011 Maxim Poliakovski\par
Copyright 2009 Alex Converse\par
Copyright 2009 Andrej Stepanchuk  \par
Copyright 2009 Aurelien\par
Copyright 2009 Baptiste Coudurier \par
Copyright 2009 Bartlomiej Wolowiec \par
Copyright 2009 Benjamin Larsson    \par
Copyright 2009 Bjorn Axelsson   \par
Copyright 2009 Christian Schmidt   \par
Copyright 2009 Colin McQuillian  \par
Copyright 2009 Daniel Verkamp\par
Copyright 2009 David Conrad  \par
Copyright 2009 Dylan Yudaken   \par
Copyright 2009 Giliard B. de Freitas\par
Copyright 2009 Ivan Schreter \par
Copyright 2009 Jaikrishnan Menon\par
Copyright 2009 James Darnley\par
Copyright 2009 Jimmy Christensen \par
Copyright 2009 Joshua Warner \par
Copyright 2009 Justin Ruggles  \par
Copyright 2009 Kenan Gillet \par
Copyright 2009 Konstantin Shishkov   \par
Copyright 2009 Kostya Shishkov  \par
Copyright 2009 Laurent Aimar \par
Copyright 2009 Loren Merritt\par
Copyright 2009 Luca Abeni  \par
Copyright 2009 Mans Rullgard\par
Copyright 2009 Martin Storsjo\par
Copyright 2009 Martin Storsjo  \par
Copyright 2009 Maxim Poliakovski \par
Copyright 2009 Michael Tison \par
Copyright 2009 Nathan Caldwell\par
Copyright 2009 Nicolas Martin (martinic at iro dot\par
Copyright 2009 Peter Holik \par
Copyright 2009 Peter Ross\par
Copyright 2009 Ramiro Polla \par
Copyright 2009 Reimar Doeffinger \par
Copyright 2009 Robert Swain \par
Copyright 2009 Ronald S. Bultje \par
Copyright 2009 Samalyse Author\par
Copyright 2009 Sebastien Lucas\par
Copyright 2009 Stefan Gehrer\par
Copyright 2009 Stefano Sabatini\par
Copyright 2009 Stephen Backway \par
Copyright 2009 Thilo Borgmann \par
Copyright 2009 Thomas P. Higdon \par
Copyright 2009 Tobias Bindhammer   \par
Copyright 2009 Toshimitsu Kimura \par
Copyright 2009 Vitor Sessak    \par
Copyright 2009 Xuggle Incorporated \par
Copyright 2009 Zuxy Meng\par
Copyright 2009, 2010 Reimar Doeffinger \par
Copyright 2009-2010 Alex Converse\par
Copyright 2009-2010 Howard Chu  \par
Copyright 2009-2011 Maxim Poliakovski  \par
Copyright 2010 Adrian Daerr\par
Copyright 2010 Alex Converse\par
Copyright 2010 Alexander Strange \par
Copyright 2010 Amanda, Y.N. Wu\par
Copyright 2010 Anatoly Nenashev \par
Copyright 2010 Anssi Hannula \par
Copyright 2010 Anton Khirnov \par
Copyright 2010 Aurelien Jacobs \par
Copyright 2010 Baptiste Coudurier  \par
Copyright 2010 Bobby Bingham   \par
Copyright 2010 Brandon Mintern  \par
Copyright 2010 Carl Eugen Hoyos  \par
Copyright 2010 Daniel G. Taylor \par
Copyright 2010 Daniel Verkamp \par
Copyright 2010 David Conrad \par
Copyright 2010 Eli Friedman\par
Copyright 2010 Fabrice Bellard Romain Degez  \par
Copyright 2010 Francesco Lavra\par
Copyright 2010 Georg Martius \par
Copyright 2010 Gordon Schmidt\par
Copyright 2010 Hans de Goede\par
Copyright 2010 Howard Chu   \par
Copyright 2010 Jacob Meuser \par
Copyright 2010 Janne Grunau \par
Copyright 2010 Jason Garrett-Glaser \par
Copyright 2010 Josh Allmann\par
Copyright 2010 Konstantin Shishkov   \par
Copyright 2010 Laurent Aimar \par
Copyright 2010 Loren Merritt \par
Copyright 2010 Mans Rullgard  \par
Copyright 2010 Marcelo Galvao Povoa \par
Copyright 2010 Martin Storsjo    \par
Copyright 2010 Michael Chinen\par
Copyright 2010 Michele Orr\u249u  \par
Copyright 2010 Mohamed Naufal\par
Copyright 2010 Mohamed Naufal Basheer  \par
Copyright 2010 Niel van der Westhuizen \par
Copyright 2010 Nolan Lum <nol888@gmail.com>  \par
Copyright 2010 Peter Ross  \par
Copyright 2010 Rafael Carre    \par
Copyright 2010 Ramiro Polla \par
Copyright 2010 Reimar D\u246offinger \par
Copyright 2010 Ronald S. Bultje  \par
Copyright 2010 S.N. Hemanth Meenakshisundaram  \par
Copyright 2010 Sebastian Vater\par
Copyright 2010 Stefano Sabatini  \par
Copyright 2010 Thilo Borgmann \par
Copyright 2010 tipok <piratfm@gmail.com>  \par
Copyright 2010 Tomas H\u228ardin  \par
Copyright 2010 Vitor Sessak\par
Copyright 2010 Zhentan Feng \par
Copyright 2010, Google, Inc.  \par
Copyright 2010,2011 Philip Langdale\par
Copyright 2010-2011 Elvis Presley\par
Copyright 2010-2011 Maxim Poliakovski\par
Copyright 2010-2011 Peter Ross    \par
Copyright 2011 - 2012 Mashiat Sarker Shakkhar \par
Copyright 2011 Anatoliy Wasserman \par
Copyright 2011 Anatoly Nenashev   \par
Copyright 2011 Andreas \u214Oman  \par
Copyright 2011 Anton Khirnov \par
Copyright 2011 Baptiste Coudurier  \par
Copyright 2011 Carl Eugen Hoyos    \par
Copyright 2011 Cl\u233ement Boesch  \par
Copyright 2011 Daniel Kang   \par
Copyright 2011 Derek Buitenhuis \par
Copyright 2011 Janne Grunau \par
Copyright 2011 Jonathan Baldwin  \par
Copyright 2011 Jordi Ortiz  \par
Copyright 2011 Juan Carlos\par
Copyright 2011 Justin Ruggles\par
Copyright 2011 Kieran Kunhya \par
Copyright 2011 KO Myung-Hun\par
Copyright 2011 Konstantin Shishkov\par
Copyright 2011 Konstantin Shishkov based on work by Mike Melanson   \par
Copyright 2011 Konstantin Shishkov based on work by Vladimir "VAG" Gneushev \par
Copyright 2011 Luca Barbato \par
Copyright 2011 Mans Rullgard \par
Copyright 2011 Mark Himsley  \par
Copyright 2011 Martin Storsjo  \par
Copyright 2011 Mashiat Sarker Shakkhar\par
Copyright 2011 Matthew Hoops <clone2727@gmail.com>    \par
Copyright 2011 Max Horn   \par
Copyright 2011 Michael Bradshaw\par
Copyright 2011 Michael Karcher    \par
Copyright 2011 Mina Nagy Zaki \par
Copyright 2011 MirriAd Ltd \par
Copyright 2011 Mohamed Naufal  \par
Copyright 2011 Nicolas George\par
Copyright 2011 Oskar Arvidsson   \par
Copyright 2011 Paul B Mahol   \par
Copyright 2011 Peter Ross \par
Copyright 2011 Reimar D\u246offinger   \par
Copyright 2011 Sebastien Zwickert  \par
Copyright 2011 Stefano Sabatini\par
Copyright 2011 Sven Hesse <drmccoy@drmccoy.de>\par
Copyright 2011 Thomas Kuehnel\par
Copyright 2011 Vladimir Voroshilov \par
Copyright 2011 Zhentan Feng \par
Copyright 2011, Luca Barbato  \par
Copyright 2011-2012 Derek Buitenhuis  \par
Copyright 2011-2012 Paul B Mahol   \par
Copyright 2011-2012 Smartjog S.A.S, Cl\u233ement Boesch \par
Copyright 2012 Aleksi Nurmi\par
Copyright 2012 Andrey Utkin  \par
Copyright 2012 Aneesh Dogra \par
Copyright 2012 Anton Khirnov \par
Copyright 2012 Antti Sepp\u228al\u228a \par
Copyright 2012 Carl Eugen Hoyos\par
Copyright 2012 Christophe Gisquet\par
Copyright 2012 Cl\u233ement Boesch  \par
Copyright 2012 Daniel Kang    \par
Copyright 2012 Derek Buitenhuis\par
Copyright 2012 Georg Lippitsch \par
Copyright 2012 Google, Inc.  \par
Copyright 2012 James Almer   \par
Copyright 2012 Jan Ekstr\u246om   \par
Copyright 2012 Jeremy Tran  \par
Copyright 2012 Justin Ruggles\par
Copyright 2012 Konstantin Shishkov\par
Copyright 2012 Loren Merritt\par
Copyright 2012 Luca Barbato   Libav\par
Copyright 2012 Mans Rullgard \par
Copyright 2012 Martin Storsjo\par
Copyright 2012 Michael Bradshaw \par
Copyright 2012 Nathan Caldwell \par
Copyright 2012 Nicolas George\par
Copyright 2012 Paul B Mahol   \par
Copyright 2012 Pavel Koshevoy \par
Copyright 2012 Peter Ross   \par
Copyright 2012 Petri Hintukainen \par
Copyright 2012 Philip Langdale \par
Copyright 2012 Rob Sykes\par
Copyright 2012 Robert Nagy \par
Copyright 2012 Ronald S. Bultje  \par
Copyright 2012 Samuel Pitoiset\par
Copyright 2012 Stefano Sabatini\par
Copyright 2012 Vitaliy E Sugrobov \par
Copyright 2012 2013 Nicolas George\par
Copyright 2012 Luca Barbato  \par
Copyright 2012 Xidorn Quan  \par
Copyright 2012-2013 Paul B Mahol \par
Copyright 2013 Daniel Verkamp\par
Copyright 2013 Martin Storsjo  \par
Copyright 2013 Paul B Mahol   \par
Copyright 2013 R\u233emi Denis-Courmont\par
Copyright 2013 Rl, Aetey Global Technologies AB \par
Copyright 2013 Rudolf Polzer\par
Copyright Anton Khirnov \par
Copyright Benjamin Larsson\par
Copyright CMU 1993 Computer Science,Speech Group Chengxiang Lu and Alex Hauptmann  \par
Copyright Joseph Artsimovich and UAB "DKD") \par
Copyright S.N.Hemanth Meenakshisundaram \par
Copyright Sebastien Bechet \par
Copyright Stefano Sabatini \par
Copyright Vitor Sessak \par
Copyright Wilbert Dijkhof\par
\par
---------------\par
\par
This file is part of the Independent JPEG Group's software. The authors make NO\par
WARRANTY or representation, either express or implied, with respect to this\par
software, its quality, accuracy, merchantability, or fitness for a particular\par
purpose. This software is provided "AS IS", and you, its user, assume the entire\par
risk as to its quality and accuracy. This software is Copyright (c) 1991, 1992,\par
Thomas G. Lane. All Rights Reserved except as specified below. Permission is\par
hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software (or portions\par
thereof) for any purpose, without fee, subject to these conditions: (1) If any\par
part of the source code for this software is distributed, then this README file\par
must be included, with this  Copyright and no-warranty notice unaltered; and any\par
additions, deletions, or changes to the original files must be clearly indicated\par
in accompanying documentation. (2) If only executable code is distributed, then\par
the accompanying documentation must state that "this software is based in part\par
on the work of the Independent JPEG Group". (3) Permission for use of this\par
software is granted only if the user accepts full responsibility for any\par
undesirable consequences; the authors accept NO LIABILITY for damages of any\par
kind. These conditions apply to any software derived from or based on the IJG\par
code, not just to the unmodified library. If you use our work, you ought to\par
acknowledge us. Permission is NOT granted for the use of any IJG author's name\par
or company name in advertising or publicity relating to this software or\par
products derived from it. This software may be referred to only as "the\par
Independent JPEG Group's software". We specifically permit and encourage the use\par
of this software as the basis of commercial products, provided that all warranty\par
or liability claims are assumed by the product vendor. This file contains the\par
basic inverse-DCT transformation subroutine. This implementation is based on an\par
algorithm described in C. Loeffler, A. Ligtenberg and G. Moschytz, "Practical\par
Fast 1-D DCT Algorithms with 11 Multiplications", Proc. Int'l. Conf. on\par
Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing 1989 (ICASSP '89), pp. 988-991. The\par
primary algorithm described there uses 11 multiplies and 29 adds. We use their\par
alternate method with 12 multiplies and 32 adds. The advantage of this method is\par
that no data path contains more than one multiplication; this allows a very\par
simple and accurate implementation in scaled fixed-point arithmetic, with a\par
minimal number of shifts. I've made lots of modifications to attempt to take\par
advantage of the sparse nature of the DCT matrices we're getting. Although the\par
logic is cumbersome, it's straightforward and the resulting code is much faster.\par
A better way to do this would be to pass in the DCT block as a sparse matrix,\par
perhaps with the difference cases encoded. / @file Independent JPEG Group's LLM\par
idct. /\par
\par
---------------\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or\par
distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted,\par
provided that the above  Copyright notice and this permission notice appear in\par
all copies. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL\par
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER\par
RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE\par
USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2003 Roman Shaposhnik\par
Copyright (c) 2012, Derek Buitenhuis\par
\par
---------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Loic Minier <lool at\par
dooz.org> Benjamin Larsson Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any\par
person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without\par
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,\par
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom\par
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The\par
above  Copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all\par
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS\par
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED\par
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR  COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,\par
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR\par
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. / @file The 3 alphanumeric  Copyright\par
notices are md5summed they are from the original implementors. The original code\par
is available from http://code.google.com/p/nelly2pcm/ /\par
\par
---------------\par
\par
AUTHORS:\par
Christophe GISQUET <christophe.gisquet@free.fr>, Fabrice Bellard, Matthieu\par
CASTET, Alex Beregszaszi, Michael Ahlberg, Mans Rullgard, Nicolas George\par
Stefano Sabatini, Nicolas George   Stefano Sabatini   Clement Boesch, Reimar\par
Doeffinger, Reinhard Tartler, Stefano Sabatini, a840bdaba11f8ff6ebdfb0f95fa5,\par
59aeb7d40b62a3ec7dbf6dc8e408a306, and 520e17cd042b14dfa6eb610ed444   Loic Minier\par
<lool at dooz.org> Benjamin Larsson\par
\par
DATES:\par
1969, 2001, 2003, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2566, 4251, 5394, 5589,\par
5870, 6441, 9581\par
\par
NOTICE: MIT\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of\par
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in\par
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to\par
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of\par
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,\par
subject to the following conditions: The above  Copyright notice and this\par
permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the\par
Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO\par
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR  COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR\par
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING\par
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN\par
THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
---------------\par
    \par
This file is part of Libav. Libav is\par
free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the\par
GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation;\par
either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. Libav\par
is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;\par
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details. You should\par
have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with Libav;\par
if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth\par
Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA / \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Robert Swain \par
Copyright (c) 2009-2010 Alex Converse \par
Copyright (c) 2012 Paul B Mahol \par
Copyright (c) 2007, 2011 Justin Ruggles  \par
Copyright (c) 2008 Mans Rullgard\par
Copyright 2010 Mark Nauwelaerts\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Anton Khirnov\par
Copyright (c) 2010-2011 x264 project Authors: Steven Walters\par
\par
---------------\par
\par
Floating point AAN DCT this implementation is based upon the IJG integer AAN DCT\par
(see jfdctfst.c)  Copyright (c) 2003 Michael Niedermayer <michaelni@gmx.at>\par
\par
---------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999-2001 Aaron Holtzman <aholtzma@ess.engr.uvic.ca> This file is\par
part of mpeg2dec, a free MPEG-2 video stream decoder. See\par
http://libmpeg2.sourceforge.net/ for updates. mpeg2dec is free software; you can\par
redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the\par
License, or (at your option) any later version. mpeg2dec is distributed in the\par
hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied\par
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU\par
General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the\par
GNU General Public License along with mpeg2dec; if not, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
02110-1301 USA /\par
 \par
---------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 MIPS Technologies, Inc.,\par
California. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.\par
Redistributions of source code must retain the above  Copyright notice, this list\par
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form\par
must reproduce the above  Copyright notice, this list of conditions and the\par
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with\par
the distribution. 3. Neither the name of the MIPS Technologies, Inc., nor the\par
names of is contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS\par
PROVIDED BY THE MIPS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT\par
SHALL THE MIPS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE\par
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF\par
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Zoran Lukic (zoranl@mips.com)\par
Author: Nedeljko Babic (nbabic@mips.com) This file is part of FFmpeg. FFmpeg is\par
free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the\par
GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation;\par
either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. FFmpeg\par
is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;\par
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details. You should\par
have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with FFmpeg;\par
if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth\par
Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA /\par
\par
---------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995 Mark Adler This software\par
is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. In no event will\par
the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this\par
software. Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\par
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely,\par
subject to the following restrictions: 1. The origin of this software must not\par
be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If\par
you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product\par
documentation would be appreciated but is not required. 2. Altered source\par
versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being\par
the original software. 3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any\par
source distribution. /\par
\par
--------\par
  \par
Copyright (c) 2011 Mina Nagy Zaki  Copyright (c) 2000 Edward Beingessner And\par
Sundry Contributors. This source code is freely redistributable and may be used\par
for any purpose. This  Copyright notice must be maintained. Edward Beingessner\par
And Sundry Contributors are not responsible for the consequences of using this\par
software. This file is part of FFmpeg.   you can\par
redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General\par
Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1\par
of the License, or (at your option) any later version. FFmpeg is distributed in\par
the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the\par
implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the\par
GNU Lesser General Public License for more details. You should have received a\par
copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with FFmpeg; if not, write\par
to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston,\par
MA 02110-1301 USA / @file Stereo Widening Effect. Adds audio cues to move stereo\par
image in front of the listener. Adapted from the libsox earwax effect. /\par
\par
---------------\par
\par
This file is part of MPlayer. MPlayer is free software; you can redistribute it\par
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published\par
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your\par
option) any later version. MPlayer is distributed in the hope that it will be\par
useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public\par
License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General\par
Public License along with MPlayer; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA. \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2002, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007  Michael Niedermayer \par
Copyright (c) 2003 Michael Zucchi\par
Copyright (c) Aaron Holtzman - Aug 1999 Strongly modified, most parts rewritten:\par
A'rpi/ESP-team - 2000-2001 (c) MPlayer developers\par
\par
---------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999, 2000, 2001 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is part of GNU CC. GNU CC is free software; you can redistribute it\par
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published\par
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later\par
version. GNU CC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT\par
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS\par
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with GNU\par
CC; see the file COPYING. If not, write to the Free Software Foundation, 51\par
Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA This does trivial (and I\par
mean _trivial_) conversion of Texinfo markup to Perl POD format. It's intended\par
to be used to extract something suitable for a manpage from a Texinfo document.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
gcc for MicroBlaze 4.6.4 \par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here.\par
\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here.\par
\par
The text of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here.\par
\par
   There are two licenses affecting GNU libstdc++-v3:  one for the code, and\par
   one for the documentation.  Here we will describe both of them, and try\par
   to answer some of the widespread questions.  If you have more questions,\par
   ask the FSF or the gcc mailing list; the person\par
   writing this page is a programmer, not a lawyer.\par
\par
The Code:  Runtime GPL\par
\par
   The source code of libstdc++-v3 is distributed under version 2 of the***\par
   GNU General Public License, with the so-called\par
   runtime exception; as follows (or see any header or\par
   implementation file):\par
\par
   As a special exception, you may use this file as part of a free software\par
   library without restriction.  Specifically, if other files instantiate\par
   templates or use macros or inline functions from this file, or you compile\par
   this file and link it with other files to produce an executable, this\par
   file does not by itself cause the resulting executable to be covered by\par
   the GNU General Public License.  This exception does not however\par
   invalidate any other reasons why the executable file might be covered by\par
   the GNU General Public License.\par
\par
   Hopefully that text is self-explanatory.  If it isn't, you need to speak\par
   to your lawyer, or the Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
\par
Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization\par
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by\par
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,\par
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the\par
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to\par
do so, all subject to the following:\par
\par
The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including\par
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,\par
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and\par
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative\par
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by\par
a source language processor.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT\par
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,\par
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par
\par
\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996-2003  Red Hat, Inc.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
''Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ''AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL CYGNUS SOLUTIONS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR\par
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,\par
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR\par
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
# Copyright (C) 1987, 1988, 1989, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, \par
# 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, \par
# 2009, 2010, 2011 , 2012 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#\par
# This file is part of GCC.\par
#\par
# GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
# it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
# the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
# any later version.\par
#\par
# GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
# GNU General Public License for more details.\par
#\par
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
# along with GCC; see the file COPYING3.  If not see\par
# <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
   \par
\par
\par
  Copyright (C) 2005, 2006, 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is part of GNU Classpath.\par
GNU Classpath is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GNU Classpath is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GNU Classpath; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
02110-1301 USA.\par
Linking this library statically or dynamically with other modules is\par
making a combined work based on this library.  Thus, the terms and\par
conditions of the GNU General Public License cover the whole\par
combination.\par
As a special exception, the copyright holders of this library give you\par
permission to link this library with independent modules to produce an\par
executable, regardless of the license terms of these independent\par
modules, and to copy and distribute the resulting executable under\par
terms of your choice, provided that you also meet, for each linked\par
independent module, the terms and conditions of the license of that\par
module.  An independent module is a module which is not derived from\par
or based on this library.  If you modify this library, you may extend\par
this exception to your version of the library, but you are not\par
obligated to do so.  If you do not wish to do so, delete this\par
exception statement from your version. */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
// Copyright (C) 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008,\par
// 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
// This file is part of the GNU ISO C++ Library.  This library is free\par
// software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the\par
// terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
// Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
// any later version.\par
// This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
// but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
// MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
// GNU General Public License for more details.\par
// You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along\par
// with this library; see the file COPYING3.  If not see\par
// <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Developed at SunSoft, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business.\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
 * software is freely granted, provided that this notice \par
 * is preserved.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1989, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, \par
2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is part of GCC.\par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program;\par
see the files COPYING3 and COPYING.RUNTIME respectively.  If not, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  */\par
\par
\par
# Copyright (c) 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2006, 2010, 2011 by Red Hat, Inc.\par
# All rights reserved.\par
# Copyright 2004 Nathanael Nerode\par
# \par
# THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
# OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
# \par
# Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program\par
# for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
# Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,\par
# provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was\par
# modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
#\par
# Original author: Tom Tromey\par
# Modified by Nathanael Nerode\par
\par
\par
\par
/****************************************************************************\par
 *                                                                          *\par
 *                         GNAT COMPILER COMPONENTS                         *\par
 *                                                                          *\par
 *                                T R A N S                                 *\par
 *                                                                          *\par
 *                          C Implementation File                           *\par
 *                                                                          *\par
 *          Copyright (C) 1992-2012, Free Software Foundation, Inc.         *\par
 *                                                                          *\par
 * GNAT is free software;  you can  redistribute it  and/or modify it under *\par
 * terms of the  GNU General Public License as published  by the Free Soft- *\par
 * ware  Foundation;  either version 3,  or (at your option) any later ver- *\par
 * sion.  GNAT is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITH- *\par
 * OUT ANY WARRANTY;  without even the  implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY *\par
 * or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License *\par
 * for  more details.  You should have  received  a copy of the GNU General *\par
 * Public License  distributed  with GNAT;  see file  COPYING3.  If not see *\par
 * <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.                                          *\par
 *                                                                          *\par
 * GNAT was originally developed  by the GNAT team at  New York University. *\par
 * Extensive contributions were provided by Ada Core Technologies Inc.      *\par
 *                                                                          *\par
 ****************************************************************************/\par
\par
\par
/****************************************************************************\par
 *                                                                          *\par
 *                         GNAT COMPILER COMPONENTS                         *\par
 *                                                                          *\par
 *                               C T R L _ C                                *\par
 *                                                                          *\par
 *                          C Implementation File                           *\par
 *                                                                          *\par
 *        Copyright (C) 2002-2009, Free Software Foundation, Inc.           *\par
 *                                                                          *\par
 * GNAT is free software;  you can  redistribute it  and/or modify it under *\par
 * terms of the  GNU General Public License as published  by the Free Soft- *\par
 * ware  Foundation;  either version 3,  or (at your option) any later ver- *\par
 * sion.  GNAT is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITH- *\par
 * OUT ANY WARRANTY;  without even the  implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY *\par
 * or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.                                     *\par
 *                                                                          *\par
 * As a special exception Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted *\par
 * additional permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception,   *\par
 * version 3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.               *\par
 *                                                                          *\par
 * You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and    *\par
 * a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program;     *\par
 * see the files COPYING3 and COPYING.RUNTIME respectively.  If not, see    *\par
 * <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.                                          *\par
 *                                                                          *\par
 * GNAT was originally developed  by the GNAT team at  New York University. *\par
 * Extensive contributions were provided by Ada Core Technologies Inc.      *\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
#\par
#   Copyright (C) 2004, 2005, 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#   Written by Scott James Remnant, 2004.\par
#\par
# This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
# unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
# modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
// Copyright (C) 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, \par
// 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
// This file is part of the GNU ISO C++ Library.  This library is free\par
// software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the\par
// terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
// Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
// any later version.\par
//\par
// This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
// but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
// MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
// GNU General Public License for more details.\par
// Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
// permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
// 3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
// You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along\par
// with this library; see the file COPYING3.  If not see\par
// <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (c) 1991 The Regents of the University of California.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. [rescinded 22 July 1999]\par
 * 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
 *    without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 * SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
#   Copyright (C) 2004, 2005, 2007, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#   Written by Scott James Remnant, 2004.\par
#\par
# This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
# unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
# modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
## Copyright 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005\par
## Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
## Originally by Gordon Matzigkeit <gord@gnu.ai.mit.edu>, 1996\par
##\par
## This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
## it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
## the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
## (at your option) any later version.\par
##\par
## This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
## WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
## MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
## General Public License for more details.\par
##\par
## You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
## along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
## Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.\par
##\par
## As a special exception to the GNU General Public License, if you\par
## distribute this file as part of a program that contains a\par
## configuration script generated by Autoconf, you may include it under\par
## the same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.\par
\par
\par
\par
# Copyright (C) 1996-1999, 2000, 2001, 2003 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
# Originally by Gordon Matzigkeit <gord@gnu.ai.mit.edu>, 1996\par
#\par
# Original GCJ support by:\par
#    Alexandre Oliva <oliva@lsd.ic.unicamp.br>\par
#\par
# This file is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
# under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
# the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
# (at your option) any later version.\par
#\par
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
# WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
# General Public License for more details.\par
#\par
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
# along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
# Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
#\par
# As a special exception to the GNU General Public License, if you\par
# distribute this file as part of a program that contains a\par
# configuration script generated by Autoconf, you may include it under\par
# the same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.\par
\par
\par
\par
/* Copyright (C) 2004, 2005, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   Contributed by Apple, Inc.\par
This file is part of GCC.\par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program;\par
see the files COPYING3 and COPYING.RUNTIME respectively.  If not, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  */\par
\par
\par
\par
   Copyright 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   Contributed by CodeSourcery, Inc.\par
This file is part of GCC.\par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under\par
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free\par
Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any later\par
version.\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY\par
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License\par
for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GCC; see the file COPYING3.  If not see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  */\par
\par
\par
\par
# Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,\par
# 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software\par
# Foundation, Inc.\par
#\par
# This configure script is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
# gives unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify it.\par
\par
\par
\par
#  fixincludes copyright (c) 1998, 1999, 2000, 2002, 2009\par
#  The Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#\par
# fixincludes is free software.\par
# \par
# You may redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the\par
# GNU General Public License, as published by the Free Software\par
# Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any later version.\par
# \par
# fixincludes is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
# See the GNU General Public License for more details.\par
# \par
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
# along with fixincludes; see the file COPYING3.  If not see\par
# <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
\par
\par
   Copyright 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   Written by Ian Lance Taylor, Google.\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any\par
later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  */\par
\par
\par
\par
#   Copyright (C) 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2009, 2010\par
#   Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#This file is part of fixincludes.\par
#fixincludes is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
#it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
#the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
#any later version.\par
#fixincludes is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
#but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
#MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
#GNU General Public License for more details.\par
#You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
#along with fixincludes; see the file COPYING3.  If not see\par
#<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
  \par
\par
* Copyright (c) 1994\par
 * Hewlett-Packard Company\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
 * and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
 * that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
 * in supporting documentation.  Hewlett-Packard Company makes no\par
 * representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
 * purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (c) 1996, 1997\par
 * Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, Inc.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
 * and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
 * that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
 * in supporting documentation.  Silicon Graphics makes no\par
 * representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
 * purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
 */\par
/** @file bits/stl_uninitialized.h\par
 *  This is an internal header file, included by other library headers.\par
 *  Do not attempt to use it directly. @headername{memory}\par
 */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (C) 2004 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
 * software is freely granted, provided that this notice \par
 * is preserved.\par
\par
\par
\par
#  Copyright (C) 2010\par
#  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#  Contributed by Michael Meissner (meissner@linux.vnet.ibm.com)\par
#\par
# This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
# under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
# Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any\par
# later version.\par
# \par
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
# GNU General Public License for more details.\par
# \par
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
# along with this program; see the file COPYING3.  If not see\par
# <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010,\par
2011, 2012 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
Contributed by Paul Brook <paul@nowt.org>\par
and Steven Bosscher <s.bosscher@student.tudelft.nl>\par
This file is part of GCC.\par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under\par
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free\par
Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any later\par
version.\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY\par
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License\par
for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GCC; see the file COPYING3.  If not see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
#   Copyright 1996-2003 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#   Taken from GNU libtool, 2001\par
#   Originally by Gordon Matzigkeit <gord@gnu.ai.mit.edu>, 1996\par
#\par
#   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
#   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
#   the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
#   (at your option) any later version.\par
#\par
#   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
#   WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
#   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
#   General Public License for more details.\par
#\par
#   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
#   along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
#   Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
#\par
#   As a special exception to the GNU General Public License, if you\par
#   distribute this file as part of a program that contains a\par
#   configuration script generated by Autoconf, you may include it under\par
#   the same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.\par
\par
\par
\par
# (C) 1998, 2007 Free Software Foundation\par
# Originally by Alexandre Oliva <oliva@lsd.ic.unicamp.br>\par
# This gawk/shell script is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
# modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published\par
# by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
# any later version.\par
\par
\par
\par
# Copyright (c) 1999, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#\par
# This file is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
# it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
# the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or\par
# (at your option) any later version.\par
#\par
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
# GNU General Public License for more details.\par
#\par
# For a copy of the GNU General Public License, write the the\par
# Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor,\par
# Boston, MA 02111-1301, USA.\par
\par
\par
\par
# Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005, \par
# 2006, 2007 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#\par
# This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO\par
# warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
# GNU Libtool is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
# it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
# the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
# (at your option) any later version.\par
#\par
# As a special exception to the GNU General Public License,\par
# if you distribute this file as part of a program or library that\par
# is built using GNU Libtool, you may include this file under the\par
# same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.\par
#\par
# GNU Libtool is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
# WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
# General Public License for more details.\par
#\par
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
# along with GNU Libtool; see the file COPYING.  If not, a copy\par
# can be downloaded from http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html,\par
# or obtained by writing to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,\par
# 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
# Copyright (C) 1995, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,\par
# 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#\par
# This file is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
# it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
# the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
# (at your option) any later version.\par
#\par
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
# GNU General Public License for more details.\par
#\par
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
# along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
# Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor,\par
# Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
#\par
# As a special exception to the GNU General Public License, if you\par
# distribute this file as part of a program that contains a\par
# configuration script generated by Autoconf, you may include it under\par
# the same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
gcc (for PowerPC)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./gcc/COPYING.LIB\par
FILE: ./libiberty/COPYING.LIB\par
FILE: ./COPYING.LIB\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./gcc/COPYING\par
FILE: ./libstdc++-v3/docs/html/17_intro/COPYING\par
FILE: ./COPYING\par
FILE: ./include/COPYING\par
FILE: ./fastjar/COPYING\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./libstdc++-v3/docs/html/17_intro/COPYING.DOC\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file.\par
\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./libstdc++-v3/docs/html/17_intro/license.html\par
#######################################\par
   There are two licenses affecting GNU libstdc++-v3:  one for the code, and\par
   one for the documentation.  Here we will describe both of them, and try\par
   to answer some of the widespread questions.  If you have more questions,\par
   ask the FSF or the gcc mailing list; the person\par
   writing this page is a programmer, not a lawyer.\par
\par
The Code:  Runtime GPL\par
\par
   The source code of libstdc++-v3 is distributed under version 2 of the\par
   GNU General Public License, with the so-called\par
   runtime exception; as follows (or see any header or\par
   implementation file):\par
\par
   As a special exception, you may use this file as part of a free software\par
   library without restriction.  Specifically, if other files instantiate\par
   templates or use macros or inline functions from this file, or you compile\par
   this file and link it with other files to produce an executable, this\par
   file does not by itself cause the resulting executable to be covered by\par
   the GNU General Public License.  This exception does not however\par
   invalidate any other reasons why the executable file might be covered by\par
   the GNU General Public License.\par
\par
   Hopefully that text is self-explanatory.  If it isn't, you need to speak\par
   to your lawyer, or the Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
   -- Most of the Q&A's are based on, paraphrased from, and outright stolen\par
     from this thread: \par
   http://gcc.gnu.org/ml/libstdc++/2000-q2/subjects.html#00050\par
\par
   Q:  So any program which uses libstdc++ falls under the GPL?\par
   A:  No.  The special exception permits use of the\par
     library in proprietary applications.\par
\par
   Q:  How is that different from the GNU {Lesser,Library} GPL\par
   -- Quoting Jason Merrill from the thread above: --\par
   A:  The LGPL requires that users be able to replace the LGPL code with a\par
     modified version; this is trivial if the library in question is a C\par
     shared library.  But there's no way to make that work with C++, where\par
     much of the library consists of inline functions and templates, which\par
     are expanded inside the code that uses the library.  So to allow people\par
     to replace the library code, someone using the library would have to\par
     distribute their own source, rendering the LGPL equivalent to the GPL.\par
\par
Q:  I see.  So, what restrictions are there on programs that use the library?\par
A:  None.  We encourage such programs to be released as open source,\par
     but we won't punish you or sue you if you choose otherwise.\par
\par
The Docs:  FDL\par
\par
   The documentation shipped with the library and made available over the\par
   web, including the pages generated from source comments, are copyrighted\par
   by the Free Software Foundation, and placed under\par
   the GNU Free Documentation License version 1.1.\par
   There are no Front-Cover Texts, no Back-Cover Texts, and\par
   -- as far as I know --\par
   no Invariant Sections.\par
\par
   If you plan on making copies of the documentation, please let us know.\par
   We can probably offer suggestions.\par
\par
Comments and suggestions about this page are welcome, and may be sent to\par
the libstdc++ mailing list.\par
\par
Comments or questions about the licenses themselves are also welcome, and\par
should be directed to the GCC list as descibed above.\par
\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./zlib/contrib/dotzlib/LICENSE_1_0.txt\par
#######################################\par
Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization\par
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by\par
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,\par
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the\par
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to\par
do so, all subject to the following:\par
\par
The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including\par
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,\par
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and\par
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative\par
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by\par
a source language processor.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT\par
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,\par
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par
\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./libffi/LICENSE\par
#######################################\par
libffi - Copyright (c) 1996-2003  Red Hat, Inc.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
''Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ''AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL CYGNUS SOLUTIONS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR\par
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,\par
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR\par
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
gcc (added 3/30/2012) \par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
BEGIN SOURCE FILE COPYRIGHT INFORMATION\par
#######################################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GNU Classpath is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GNU Classpath is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GNU Classpath.  If not, write to the\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
02110-1301 USA.\par
Linking this library statically or dynamically with other modules is\par
making a combined work based on this library.  Thus, the terms and\par
conditions of the GNU General Public License cover the whole\par
combination.\par
As a special exception, the copyright holders of this library give you\par
permission to link this library with independent modules to produce an\par
executable, regardless of the license terms of these independent\par
modules, and to copy and distribute the resulting executable under\par
terms of your choice, provided that you also meet, for each linked\par
independent module, the terms and conditions of the license of that\par
module.  An independent module is a module which is not derived from\par
or based on this library.  If you modify this library, you may extend\par
this exception to your version of the library, but you are not\par
obligated to do so.  If you do not wish to do so, delete this\par
exception statement from your version. */\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1988-2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any\par
later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301,\par
USA.     \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998-2005 Gilles Vollant\par
This code is a modified version of crypting code in Infozip distribution\par
The encryption/decryption parts of this source code (as opposed to the\par
non-echoing password parts) were originally written in Europe.  The\par
whole source package can be freely distributed, including from the USA.\par
(Prior to January 2000, re-export from the US was a violation of US law.)\par
This encryption code is a direct transcription of the algorithm from\par
Roger Schlafly, described by Phil Katz in the file appnote.txt.  This\par
file (appnote.txt) is distributed with the PKZIP program (even in the\par
version without encryption capabilities).\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996, 2007, 2008  Red Hat, Inc.\par
Copyright (c) 2008       David Daney\par
 \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
Copyright (C) 2000-2003 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
The GNU CHARSET Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as published\par
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301,\par
USA.  */\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1988, 1992, 1993, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007\par
2009, 2010, 2011  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program.  If not, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  */\par
\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1994-2011 Free Software Foundation\par
\par
This file is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any\par
later version.\par
\par
This file is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
General Public License for more details.\par
\par
Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program.  If not, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1987, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998,\par
1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Libiberty is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
Libiberty is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with libiberty.  If\par
not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 2009, 2010, 2011 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
met:\par
\par
   * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
   * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above\par
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer\par
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
distribution.\par
   * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its\par
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2006, 2007  Free Software Foundation\par
   \par
This libgcj software is copyrighted work licensed under the terms of the\par
following Libgcj License:  \par
\par
The libgcj library is licensed under the terms of the GNU General\par
Public License.\par
\par
Linking this library statically or dynamically with other modules is\par
making a combined work based on this library.  Thus, the terms and\par
conditions of the GNU General Public License cover the whole\par
combination.\par
\par
As a special exception, the copyright holders of this library give you\par
permission to link this library with independent modules to produce an\par
executable, regardless of the license terms of these independent\par
modules, and to copy and distribute the resulting executable under\par
terms of your choice, provided that you also meet, for each linked\par
independent module, the terms and conditions of the license of that\par
module.  An independent module is a module which is not derived from\par
or based on this library.  If you modify this library, you may extend\par
this exception to your version of the library, but you are not\par
obligated to do so.  If you do not wish to do so, delete this\par
exception statement from your version.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with libjava.  If not, write to the\par
Free Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330,\par
Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.\par
\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This file is part of the GNU ISO C++ Library.  This library is free\par
software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the\par
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without Pred the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along\par
with this library.  If not see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This file is part of the GNU ISO C++ Library.  This library is free\par
software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the\par
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program.  If not, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Libgfortran is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
Libgfortran is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR a PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program.  If not, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  */\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1986, 1987, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,  2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License.  If not see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1991-2005 Unicode, Inc.\par
All rights reserved. Distributed under the Terms of Use\par
in http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000,\par
2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published\par
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your\par
option) any later version.\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT\par
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY\par
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public\par
License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GCC.  If not see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005,\par
2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996-2003, 2007  Red Hat, Inc.\par
Copyright (C) 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2005, 2006-2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
The GNU OpenMP Library (Libgomp) is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
Libgomp is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY\par
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS\par
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for\par
more details.\par
Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program.  If not, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1997,1998,1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License along with the GNU C Library; if not, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA\par
02111-1307 USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1991, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1999-2004, 2007, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as\par
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the\par
License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with the GNU C Library.  If not,\par
write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1988-2005, 2007-2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as published\par
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301,\par
USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
Copyright (C) 1997, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2006 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
In addition to the permissions in the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License, the Free Software Foundation gives you unlimited\par
permission to link the compiled version of this file into\par
combinations with other programs, and to distribute those\par
combinations without any restriction coming from the use of this\par
file.  (The Lesser General Public License restrictions do apply in\par
other respects; for example, they cover modification of the file,\par
and distribution when not linked into a combine executable.)\par
The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License along with the GNU C Library; if not, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston,\par
MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Developed at SunSoft, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software is freely granted, provided that this notice \par
is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1984, 1991, 2001 by Stephen L. Moshier\par
   \par
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307  USA\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This file is part of the GNU ISO C++ Library.  This library is free\par
software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms\par
of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software\par
Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later\par
version.\par
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this library.  If not, write to\par
the Free Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston,\par
MA 02111-1307, USA.\par
As a special exception, you may use this file as part of a free\par
software library without restriction.  Specifically, if other files\par
instantiate templates or use macros or inline functions from this\par
file, or you compile this file and link it with other files to\par
produce an executable, this file does not by itself cause the\par
resulting executable to be covered by the GNU General Public\par
License.  This exception does not however invalidate any other\par
reasons why the executable file might be covered by the GNU General\par
Public License.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1988, 1989 Hans-J. Boehm, Alan J. Demers\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1995 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program\par
for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,\par
provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was\par
modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2004 Ami Tavory and Vladimir Dreizin, IBM-HRL.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, sell, and distribute this software\par
is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright\par
notice appears in all copies, and that both that copyright notice\par
and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation. None\par
of the above authors, nor IBM Haifa Research Laboratories, make any\par
representation about the suitability of this software for any\par
purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied\par
warranty.\par
\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2004 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software is freely granted, provided that this notice \par
is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1988, 1989 Hans-J. Boehm, Alan J. Demers\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1995 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright (c) 1996-1999 by Silicon Graphics.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright (c) 1999-2004 by Hewlett-Packard Company. All rights reserved.\par
\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program\par
for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,\par
provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was\par
modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
This file is part of the libquadmath library.\par
Libquadmath is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
Libquadmath is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with libquadmath.  If\par
not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2004 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This script is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify it.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1994 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright (c) 1997 by Silicon Graphics.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright (c) 2000 by Hewlett-Packard Company.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program\par
for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,\par
provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was\par
modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998-2002, 2005, 2007, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GCC.  If not, write to\par
the Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1995-2012 Mark Adler\par
  \par
  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied\par
  warranty.  In no event will the author be held liable for any damages\par
  arising from the use of this software.\par
  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\par
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it\par
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not\par
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software\par
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be\par
     appreciated but is not required.\par
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
     misrepresented as being the original software.\par
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
  Mark Adler    madler@alumni.caltech.edu\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010,\par
2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This file is part of the GNU ISO C++ Library.  This library is free\par
software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the\par
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program.  If not, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994\par
Hewlett-Packard Company\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
in supporting documentation.  Hewlett-Packard Company makes no\par
representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996,1997\par
Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, Inc.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
in supporting documentation.  Silicon Graphics makes no\par
representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998 Geoffrey Keating\par
\par
PowerPC Assembly glue.\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR\par
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,\par
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR\par
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2004  Anthony Green\par
Copyright (C) 2007  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
Copyright (C) 2008  Red Hat, Inc.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991, 2000, 2006 by AT&T.\par
 \par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice\par
is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy\par
or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting\par
documentation for such software.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTY.  IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY\par
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1992-1999, 2001 The Free Software Foundation\par
\par
Server Handling is free software.\par
You may redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the\par
GNU General Public License, as published by the Free Software\par
Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
Server Handling is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with Server Handling.  If not,\par
write to:  The Free Software Foundation, Inc.,\par
             51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor,\par
             Boston,  MA  02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
As a special exception, The Free Software Foundation gives\par
permission for additional uses of the text contained in his release\par
of ServerHandler.\par
 \par
The exception is that, if you link the ServerHandler library with other\par
files to produce an executable, this does not by itself cause the\par
resulting executable to be covered by the GNU General Public License.\par
Your use of that executable is in no way restricted on account of\par
linking the ServerHandler library code into it.\par
\par
This exception does not however invalidate any other reasons why\par
the executable file might be covered by the GNU General Public License.\par
\par
This exception applies only to the code released by The Free\par
Software Foundation under the name ServerHandler.  If you copy code\par
from other sources under the General Public License into a copy of\par
ServerHandler, as the General Public License permits, the exception\par
does not apply to the code that you add in this way.  To avoid\par
misleading anyone as to the status of such modified files, you must\par
delete this exception notice from them.\par
\par
If you write modifications of your own for ServerHandler, it is your\par
choice whether to permit this exception to apply to your modifications.\par
If you do not wish that, delete this exception notice.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
* Neither the name of "The Computer Language Benchmarks Game" nor the\par
  name of "The Computer Language Shootout Benchmarks" nor the names of\par
  its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
  from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1983, 1990, 1991 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. [rescinded 22 July 1999]\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GNU CC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GNU CC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GNU CC.  If not, write to\par
the Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1992-2011, Free Software Foundation, Inc.         \par
                                                                          \par
GNAT is free software;  you can  redistribute it  and/or modify it under \par
terms of the  GNU General Public License aspublished  by the Free Software\par
Foundation;  either version 3,  or (at your option) any later version.  \par
GNAT is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT\par
ANY WARRANTY;  without even the  implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY \par
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.                                     \par
                                                                          \par
As a special exception under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted \par
additional permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception,   \par
version 3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.               \par
                                                                          \par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and \par
a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program.  If not, see    \par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.                                          \par
                                                                          \par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000-2005 INRIA, France Telecom\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its\par
    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
    this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF\par
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GNU CC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GNU CC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GCC.  If not see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This file is part of the GNU ISO C++ Library.  This library is free\par
software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the\par
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program.  If not, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994\par
Hewlett-Packard Company\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
in supporting documentation.  Hewlett-Packard Company makes no\par
representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997\par
Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, Inc.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
in supporting documentation.  Silicon Graphics makes no\par
representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is part of the GNU MP Library.\par
The GNU MP Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your\par
option) any later version.\par
The GNU MP Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY\par
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License\par
along with the GNU MP Library.  If not, write to\par
the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston,\par
MA 02111-1307, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001, Thai Open Source Software Center Ltd\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
met:\par
\par
      Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 \par
      Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
      the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
      distribution.\par
 \par
      Neither the name of the Thai Open Source Software Center Ltd nor\par
      the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote\par
      products derived from this software without specific prior written\par
      permission.\par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR\par
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\par
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001, 2003, 2004 World Wide Web Consortium,\par
(Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Institut National de\par
Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University). All\par
Rights Reserved. This program is distributed under the W3C's Software\par
Intellectual Property License. This program is distributed in the\par
hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even\par
the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
* Neither the name of "The Computer Language Benchmarks Game" nor the\par
  name of "The Computer Language Shootout Benchmarks" nor the names of\par
  its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
  from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
The Computer Language Shootout\par
http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996-2004, 2007, 2008   Red Hat, Inc.\par
   \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
gnulib support for software floating point.\par
Copyright (C) 1991 by Pipeline Associates, Inc.  All rights reserved.\par
Permission is granted to do *anything* you want with this file,\par
commercial or otherwise, provided this message remains intact.  So there!\par
I would appreciate receiving any updates/patches/changes that anyone\par
makes, and am willing to be the repository for said changes (am I\par
making a big mistake?).\par
\par
Pat Wood\par
Pipeline Associates, Inc.\par
pipeline!phw@motown.com or\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This configure script is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify it.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1995, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,\par
2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program.  If not, write to the\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
02110-1301 USA.\par
\par
Linking this library statically or dynamically with other modules is\par
making a combined work based on this library.  Thus, the terms and\par
conditions of the GNU General Public License cover the whole\par
combination.\par
\par
As a special exception, the copyright holders of this library give you\par
permission to link this library with independent modules to produce an\par
executable, regardless of the license terms of these independent\par
modules, and to copy and distribute the resulting executable under\par
terms of your choice, provided that you also meet, for each linked\par
independent module, the terms and conditions of the license of that\par
module.  An independent module is a module which is not derived from\par
or based on this library.  If you modify this library, you may extend\par
this exception to your version of the library, but you are not\par
obligated to do so.  If you do not wish to do so, delete this\par
exception statement from your version.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 2000, 2001, 2007, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
BFD, the Binary File Descriptor library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2003, 2005, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any\par
later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program.  If not see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1991-2005 Unicode, Inc.  All rights reserved.\par
Distributed under the Terms of Use in\par
http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html.\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person\par
obtaining a copy of the Unicode data files and any associated\par
documentation (the "Data Files") or Unicode software and any\par
associated documentation (the "Software") to deal in the Data Files\par
or Software without restriction, including without limitation the\par
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or\par
sell copies of the Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to\par
whom the Data Files or Software are furnished to do so, provided\par
that (a) the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice\par
appear with all copies of the Data Files or Software, (b) both the\par
above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in\par
associated documentation, and (c) there is clear notice in each\par
modified Data File or in the Software as well as in the\par
documentation associated with the Data File(s) or Software that the\par
data or software has been modified.\par
THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY\par
OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR\par
ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY\par
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS\par
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE\par
OF THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder\par
shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale,\par
use or other dealings in these Data Files or Software without prior\par
written authorization of the copyright holder.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2006, 2007  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GNU Classpath is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at\par
your option) any later version.\par
GNU Classpath is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GNU Classpath; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301\par
USA\par
Linking this library statically or dynamically with other modules is\par
making a combined work based on this library.  Thus, the terms and\par
conditions of the GNU General Public License cover the whole\par
combination.\par
As a special exception, the copyright holders of this library give you\par
permission to link this library with independent modules to produce an\par
executable, regardless of the license terms of these independent\par
modules, and to copy and distribute the resulting executable under\par
terms of your choice, provided that you also meet, for each linked\par
independent module, the terms and conditions of the license of that\par
module.  An independent module is a module which is not derived from\par
or based on this library.  If you modify this library, you may extend\par
this exception to your version of the library, but you are not\par
obligated to do so.  If you do not wish to do so, delete this\par
exception statement from your version.\par
--\par
Base64 encoding derived from ISC's DHCP. Copyright notices from DHCP\par
follow. See http://www.isc.org/products/DHCP/.\par
Copyright (c) 1996 by Internet Software Consortium.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND INTERNET SOFTWARE CONSORTIUM\par
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL\par
INTERNET SOFTWARE CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,\par
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING\par
FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION\par
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
--\par
Portions Copyright (c) 1995 by International Business Machines, Inc.\par
International Business Machines, Inc. (hereinafter called IBM) grants\par
permission under its copyrights to use, copy, modify, and distribute\par
this Software with or without fee, provided that the above copyright\par
notice and all paragraphs of this notice appear in all copies, and\par
that the name of IBM not be used in connection with the marketing of\par
any product incorporating the Software or modifications thereof,\par
without specific, written prior permission.\par
To the extent it has a right to do so, IBM grants an immunity from\par
suit under its patents, if any, for the use, sale or manufacture of\par
products to the extent that such products are used for performing\par
Domain Name System dynamic updates in TCP/IP networks by means of the\par
Software.  No immunity is granted for any product per se or for any\par
other function of any product.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", AND IBM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL IBM BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL,\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER\par
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF IBM IS APPRISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH\par
DAMAGES.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Long double expansions are Copyright (C) 2001 Stephen L. Moshier <moshier@na-net.ornl.gov>\par
and are incorporated herein by permission of the author.  The author \par
reserves the right to distribute this material elsewhere under different\par
copying permissions.  These modifications are distributed here under \par
the following terms:\par
 This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
 modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
 License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
 version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
 This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
 but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
 MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
 Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
 You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
 License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software\par
 Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307  USA\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Version: MPL 1.1/GPL 2.0/LGPL 2.1\par
\par
The MSVC wrappificator is subject to the Mozilla Public License Version\par
1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/\par
\par
Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,\par
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License\par
for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the\par
License.\par
\par
 The Original Code is the MSVC wrappificator.\par
\par
Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of\par
either the GNU General Public License Version 2 or later (the "GPL"), or\par
the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the "LGPL"),\par
in which case the provisions of the GPL or the LGPL are applicable instead\par
of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only\par
under the terms of either the GPL or the LGPL, and not to allow others to\par
use your version of this file under the terms of the MPL, indicate your\par
decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice\par
and other provisions required by the GPL or the LGPL. If you do not delete\par
the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file under\par
the terms of any one of the MPL, the GPL or the LGPL.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998-2005 Gilles Vollant\par
This unzip package allow extract file from .ZIP file, compatible with PKZip 2.04g\par
WinZip, InfoZip tools and compatible.\par
I WAIT FEEDBACK at mail info@winimage.com\par
Visit also http://www.winimage.com/zLibDll/unzip.htm for evolution\par
Condition of use and distribution are the same than zlib :\par
This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied\par
warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages\par
arising from the use of this software.\par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\par
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it\par
freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not\par
    claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software\par
    in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be\par
    appreciated but is not required.\par
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
    misrepresented as being the original software.\par
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006,\par
2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO\par
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
GNU Libtool is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
\par
As a special exception to the GNU General Public License,\par
if you distribute this file as part of a program or library that\par
same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.\par
\par
GNU Libtool is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GNU Libtool.  If not, a copy\par
can be downloaded from http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html,\par
or obtained by writing to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,\par
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2002, 2007  Bo Thorsen <bo@suse.de>\par
Copyright (c) 2008, 2010  Red Hat, Inc.\par
   \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1994 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program for any\par
purpose, provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is\par
granted, provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that\par
the code was modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2006, 2010, 2011 by Red Hat, Inc.\par
All rights reserved.\par
Copyright 2004 Nathanael Nerode\par
 \par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
 \par
Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program\par
for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,\par
provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was:\par
\par
Original author: Tom Tromey\par
Modified by Nathanael Nerode\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,\par
2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This Makefile.in is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without\par
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998 Geoffrey Keating\par
Copyright (C) 2001 John Hornkvist\par
Copyright (C) 2002, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR\par
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,\par
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR\par
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1988, 1989 Hans-J. Boehm, Alan J. Demers\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1994 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright (c) 1999-2001 by Hewlett-Packard Company.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program\par
for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,\par
provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was\par
modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2004  Renesas Technology.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL RENESAS TECHNOLOGY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR\par
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,\par
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR\par
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
                                                                       \par
                             Grant of Unlimited Rights\par
\par
     Under contracts F33600-87-D-0337, F33600-84-D-0280, MDA903-79-C-0687,\par
     F08630-91-C-0015, and DCA100-97-D-0025, the U.S. Government obtained \par
     unlimited rights in the software and documentation contained herein.\par
     Unlimited rights are defined in DFAR 252.227-7013(a)(19).  By making \par
     this public release, the Government intends to confer upon all \par
     recipients unlimited rights  equal to those held by the Government.  \par
     These rights include rights to use, duplicate, release or disclose the \par
     released technical data and computer software in whole or in part, in \par
     any manner and for any purpose whatsoever, and to have or permit others \par
     to do so.\par
\par
                                    DISCLAIMER\par
\par
     ALL MATERIALS OR INFORMATION HEREIN RELEASED, MADE AVAILABLE OR\par
     DISCLOSED ARE AS IS.  THE GOVERNMENT MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED \par
     WARRANTY AS TO ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING THE CONDITIONS OF THE\par
     SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION OR OTHER INFORMATION RELEASED, MADE AVAILABLE \par
     OR DISCLOSED, OR THE OWNERSHIP, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A\par
     PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF SAID MATERIAL.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996-2003  Red Hat, Inc.\par
Copyright (c) 2010 CodeSourcery\par
\par
Target configuration macros for ARM.\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1991, 1994, 1995, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2010\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GDB is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1995-20 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler\par
  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied\par
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages\par
  arising from the use of this software.\par
  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\par
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it\par
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not\par
      claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software\par
      in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be\par
      appreciated but is not required.\par
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
      misrepresented as being the original software.\par
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
  Jean-loup Gailly        Mark Adler\par
  jloup@gzip.org          madler@alumni.caltech.edu\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
ASM XML Adapter\par
Copyright (c) 2004, Eugene Kuleshov\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its\par
    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
    this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF\par
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009  Bradley Smith <brad@brad-smith.co.uk>\par
   AVR32 Foreign Function Interface\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998 Cygnus Solutions\par
Copyright (c) 2004 Simon Posnjak\par
Copyright (c) 2005 Axis Communications AB\par
Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL SIMON POSNJAK BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR\par
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,\par
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR\par
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1988, 1989 Hans-J. Boehm, Alan J. Demers\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1995 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright 1996-1999 by Silicon Graphics.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright 1999 by Hewlett-Packard Company.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc\par
\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program\par
for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,\par
provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was\par
modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000, 2007 Software AG\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Red Hat, Inc\par
   S390 Foreign Function Interface\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR\par
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,\par
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR\par
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1986, 1987, 1989, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998,\par
1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
The CPP Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any\par
later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program.  If not see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2007, AdaCore                          \par
                                                                          \par
GNAT is free software;  you can  redistribute it  and/or modify it under \par
terms of the  GNU General Public License as published  by the Free Software  \par
Foundation;  either version 2,  or (at your option) any later version.  \par
GNAT is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT\par
ANY WARRANTY;  without even the  implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY \par
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License \par
for  more details.  You should have  received  a copy of the GNU General \par
Public License  distributed with GNAT.  If not, write \par
to  the  Free Software Foundation,  51  Franklin  Street,  Fifth  Floor, \par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.                                              \par
                                                                          \par
As a  special  exception,  if you  link  this file  with other  files to \par
produce an executable,  this file does not by itself cause the resulting \par
executable to be covered by the GNU General Public License. This exception\par
does not  however invalidate  any other reasons  why the  executable \par
file might be covered by the  GNU Public License.                        \par
                                                                                                                                             \par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990-2007 Info-ZIP.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Info-ZIP" is defined as\par
the following set of individuals:\par
\par
   Mark Adler, John Bush, Karl Davis, Harald Denker, Jean-Michel Dubois,\par
   Jean-loup Gailly, Hunter Goatley, Ed Gordon, Ian Gorman, Chris Herborth,\par
   Dirk Haase, Greg Hartwig, Robert Heath, Jonathan Hudson, Paul Kienitz,\par
   David Kirschbaum, Johnny Lee, Onno van der Linden, Igor Mandrichenko,\par
   Steve P. Miller, Sergio Monesi, Keith Owens, George Petrov, Greg Roelofs,\par
   Kai Uwe Rommel, Steve Salisbury, Dave Smith, Steven M. Schweda,\par
   Christian Spieler, Cosmin Truta, Antoine Verheijen, Paul von Behren,\par
   Rich Wales, Mike White.\par
\par
This software is provided "as is," without warranty of any kind, express\par
or implied.  In no event shall Info-ZIP or its contributors be held liable\par
for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages\par
arising out of the use of or inability to use this software.\par
\par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\par
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it\par
freely, subject to the above disclaimer and the following restrictions:\par
\par
    1. Redistributions of source code (in whole or in part) must retain\par
       the above copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list\par
       of conditions.\par
\par
    2. Redistributions in binary form (compiled executables and libraries)\par
       must reproduce the above copyright notice, definition, disclaimer,\par
       and this list of conditions in documentation and/or other materials\par
       provided with the distribution.  The sole exception to this condition\par
       is redistribution of a standard UnZipSFX binary (including SFXWiz) as\par
       part of a self-extracting archive; that is permitted without inclusion\par
       of this license, as long as the normal SFX banner has not been removed\par
       from the binary or disabled.\par
\par
    3. Altered versions--including, but not limited to, ports to new operating\par
       systems, existing ports with new graphical interfaces, versions with\par
       modified or added functionality, and dynamic, shared, or static library\par
       versions not from Info-ZIP--must be plainly marked as such and must not\par
       be misrepresented as being the original source or, if binaries,\par
       compiled from the original source.  Such altered versions also must not\par
       be misrepresented as being Info-ZIP releases--including, but not\par
       limited to, labeling of the altered versions with the names "Info-ZIP"\par
       (or any variation thereof, including, but not limited to, different\par
       capitalizations), "Pocket UnZip," "WiZ" or "MacZip" without the\par
       explicit permission of Info-ZIP.  Such altered versions are further\par
       prohibited from misrepresentative use of the Zip-Bugs or Info-ZIP\par
       e-mail addresses or the Info-ZIP URL(s), such as to imply Info-ZIP\par
       will provide support for the altered versions.\par
\par
    4. Info-ZIP retains the right to use the names "Info-ZIP," "Zip," "UnZip,"\par
       "UnZipSFX," "WiZ," "Pocket UnZip," "Pocket Zip," and "MacZip" for its\par
       own source and binary releases.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1994 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright (c) 2001 by Hewlett-Packard Company. All rights reserved.\par
\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program\par
for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,\par
provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was\par
modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996-1998 by Silicon Graphics.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program\par
for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,\par
provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was\par
modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
    \par
Permission is hereby granted to copy this code for any purpose,\par
provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2003, 2004, 2006, 2007 Kaz Kojima\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Anthony Green\par
\par
SuperH SHmedia Foreign Function Interface \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000 Hewlett Packard Company\par
   IA64/unix Foreign Function Interface \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997 Christian Michelsen Research AS\par
Advanced Computing\par
Fantoftvegen 38, 5036 BERGEN, Norway\par
http://www.cmr.no\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
in supporting documentation.  Christian Michelsen Research AS makes no\par
representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1987 Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
provided that this notice is preserved and that due credit is given\par
to the University of California at Berkeley. The name of the University\par
may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
software without specific written prior permission. This software\par
is provided ``as is'' without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1988, 1989 Hans-J. Boehm, Alan J. Demers\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1994 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright 1996 Silicon Graphics.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program\par
for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,\par
provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was\par
modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This script is Free Software, and it can be copied, distributed and\par
its license can be downloaded from http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999,\par
2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Gcov is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
Gcov is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with Gcov.  If not see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008 Kaz Kojima\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Red Hat, Inc.\par
   SuperH Foreign Function Interface \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000 by Hewlett-Packard Company.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program\par
for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,\par
provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was\par
modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
This file is a part of bzip2 and/or libbzip2, a program and\par
library for lossless, block-sorting data compression.\par
Copyright (C) 1996-2002 Julian R Seward.  All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
  2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must \par
      not claim that you wrote the original software.  If you use this \par
      software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product \par
      documentation would be appreciated but is not required.\par
  3. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must\par
      not be misrepresented as being the original software.\par
  4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote \par
      products derived from this software without specific prior written \par
      permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE\par
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
Julian Seward, Cambridge, UK.\par
jseward@acm.org\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996, 1998, 1999, 2001, 2007, 2008  Red Hat, Inc.\par
Copyright (c) 2002  Ranjit Mathew\par
Copyright (c) 2002  Bo Thorsen\par
Copyright (c) 2002  Roger Sayle\par
Copyright (C) 2008, 2010  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  x86 Foreign Function Interface\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
(C) 1998, 2007 Free Software Foundation\par
Originally by Alexandre Oliva <oliva@lsd.ic.unicamp.br>\par
\par
This gawk/shell script is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published\par
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1995-2012 Jean-loup Gailly \par
This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied\par
warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages\par
arising from the use of this software.\par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\par
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it\par
freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not\par
    claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software\par
    in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be\par
    appreciated but is not required.\par
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
    misrepresented as being the original software.\par
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
(c) 2003-2004 Randolph Chung <tausq@debian.org>\par
(c) 2008 Red Hat, Inc.\par
   HPPA Foreign Function Interface\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998, 2007, 2008 Red Hat, Inc.\par
Copyright (c) 2000 Hewlett Packard Company\par
  IA64 Foreign Function Interface \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2004  Renesas Technology\par
Copyright (c) 2008  Red Hat, Inc.\par
  M32R Foreign Function Interface \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
``Software''), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL RENESAS TECHNOLOGY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR\par
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,\par
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR\par
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1994 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright (c) 1997 by Silicon Graphics.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program\par
for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,\par
provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was\par
modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
IBM PowerPC Performance Libraries\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
*  Copyright (c) 2003, IBM Corporation\par
 *  All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 *  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or\par
 *  without modification, are permitted provided that the following\par
 *  conditions are met:\par
 *\par
 *    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above\par
 *      copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following\par
 *      disclaimer.\par
 *    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above\par
 *      copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following\par
 *      disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials\par
 *      provided with the distribution.\par
 *    * Neither the name of IBM nor the names of its contributors\par
 *      may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
 *      software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 *  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND\par
 *  CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
 *  INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 *  MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
 *  DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS\par
 *  BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,\par
 *  OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
 *  PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
 *  PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY\par
 *  OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 *  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE\par
 *  USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Linux Kernel and BSP files\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
This software is a collection of many hundreds of files, each of which appears to have its own copyright notice in substantially the following (GPL v2) form, although in addition to MontaVista Software, Inc. there are many other third-party copyright holders.  Be sure to check the source code and header files if you use this software.\par
\par
* 2002-2006 (c) MontaVista Software, Inc.  This file is licensed under the\par
 * terms of the GNU General Public License version 2.  This program is licensed\par
 * "as is" without any warranty of any kind, whether express or implied.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
LWIP 1.3.0\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
LWIP is a collection of many hundreds of files, each of which appears to have its own copyright notice in substantially the following (BSD-style) form, although in addition to the Swedish Institute of Computer Science there are many other third-party copyright holders.  Be sure to check the source code and header files if you use LWIP.\par
\par
/*\par
* Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science\par
* Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.\par
* Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.\par
\par
 * All rights reserved. \par
 * \par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, \par
 * are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
 *\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
 *    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
 *    derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED \par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF \par
 * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT \par
 * SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, \par
 * EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT \par
 * OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS \par
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN \par
 * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING \par
 * IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY \par
 * OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 *\par
 * This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack.\par
 * \par
 * Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se>\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
LWIP 1.4.0\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
LWIP is a collection of many files, each of which appears to have its own copyright notice in substantially the form of one or more of the following.  Be sure to check the source code and header files if you use LWIP.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,\par
 * are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
 *\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
 *    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
 *    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT\par
 * SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\par
 * EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT\par
 * OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
 * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING\par
 * IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY\par
 * OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc.\par
* portions Copyright (c) 1997 by Global Election Systems Inc.\par
*\par
* The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
* and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
* that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
* notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any \par
* distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required\par
* for any of the authorized uses.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS *AS IS* AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. \par
* IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
* INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
* NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
* DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
* THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
* (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
* THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
******************************************************************************\par
 * Copyright (c) 1989 Carnegie Mellon University.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
 * duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
 * advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
 * distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
 * by Carnegie Mellon University.  The name of the\par
 * University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
 * from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,\par
 * are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
 *\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
 *    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
 *    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT\par
 * SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\par
 * EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT\par
 * OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
 * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING\par
 * IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY\par
 * OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc.\par
* Copyright (c) 1997 by Global Election Systems Inc.  All rights reserved.\par
*\par
* The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
* and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
* that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
* notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any \par
* distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required\par
* for any of the authorized uses.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS *AS IS* AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. \par
* IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
* INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
* NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
* DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
* THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
* (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
* THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
******************************************************************************\par
* Copyright (c) 1995 Eric Rosenquist, Strata Software Limited.\par
 * http://www.strataware.com/\par
 *\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
 * duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
 * advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
 * distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
 * by Eric Rosenquist.  The name of the author may not be used to\par
 * endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
 * specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc.\par
* portions Copyright (c) 1997 by Global Election Systems Inc.\par
*\par
* The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
* and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
* that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
* notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any \par
* distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required\par
* for any of the authorized uses.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS *AS IS* AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. \par
* IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
* INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
* NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
* DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
* THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
* (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
* THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*****************************************************************************/\par
* Copyright (c) 1994 The Australian National University.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its\par
 * documentation is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright\par
 * notice appears in all copies.  This software is provided without any\par
 * warranty, express or implied. The Australian National University\par
 * makes no representations about the suitability of this software for\par
 * any purpose.\par
 *\par
 * IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE TO ANY\par
 * PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
 * ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF\par
 * THE AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY\par
 * OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 *\par
 * THE AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,\par
 * INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY\par
 * AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS\par
 * ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY HAS NO\par
 * OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS,\par
 * OR MODIFICATIONS.\par
 */\par
* Copyright (c) 1989 Carnegie Mellon University.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
 * duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
 * advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
 * distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
 * by Carnegie Mellon University.  The name of the\par
 * University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
 * from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 2007 Dominik Spies <kontakt@dspies.de>\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,\par
 * are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
 *\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
 *    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
 *    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT\par
 * SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\par
 * EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT\par
 * OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
 * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING\par
 * IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY\par
 * OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.\par
 * Copyright (c) 2003-2004 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@axon.tv>\par
 * Copyright (c) 2003-2004 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,\par
 * are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
 *\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
 *    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
 *    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT\par
 * SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\par
 * EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT\par
 * OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
 * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING\par
 * IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY\par
 * OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc.\par
* portions Copyright (c) 1998 Global Election Systems Inc.\par
*\par
* The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
* and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
* that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
* notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any \par
* distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required\par
* for any of the authorized uses.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS *AS IS* AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. \par
* IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
* INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
* NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
* DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
* THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
* (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
* THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
******************************************************************************\par
* Copyright (c) 1995 Eric Rosenquist, Strata Software Limited.\par
 * http://www.strataware.com/\par
 *\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
 * duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
 * advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
 * distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
 * by Eric Rosenquist.  The name of the author may not be used to\par
 * endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
 * specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc.\par
* Copyright (c) 1997 by Global Election Systems Inc.  All rights reserved.\par
*\par
* The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
* and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
* that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
* notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any \par
* distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required\par
* for any of the authorized uses.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS *AS IS* AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. \par
* IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
* INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
* NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
* DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
* THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
* (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
* THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
******************************************************************************\par
* Copyright (c) 1993 The Australian National University.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
 * duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
 * advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
 * distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
 * by the Australian National University.  The name of the University\par
 * may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
 * software without specific prior written permission.\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 *\par
 * Copyright (c) 1989 Carnegie Mellon University.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
 * duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
 * advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
 * distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
 * by Carnegie Mellon University.  The name of the\par
 * University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
 * from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Author: Jim Pettinato \par
 *   April 2007\par
 * ported from uIP resolv.c Copyright (c) 2002-2003, Adam Dunkels.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote\par
 *    products derived from this software without specific prior\par
 *    written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS\par
 * OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
 * DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE\par
 * GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
 * WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
 * NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
 * SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc.\par
* portions Copyright (c) 1997 by Global Election Systems Inc.\par
*\par
* The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
* and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
* that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
* notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any \par
* distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required\par
* for any of the authorized uses.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS *AS IS* AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. \par
* IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
* INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
* NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
* DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
* THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
* (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
* THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
******************************************************************************\par
* Copyright (c) 1993 The Australian National University.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
 * duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
 * advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
 * distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
 * by the Australian National University.  The name of the University\par
 * may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
 * software without specific prior written permission.\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 *\par
 * Copyright (c) 1991 Gregory M. Christy.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
 * duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
 * advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
 * distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
 * by Gregory M. Christy.  The name of the author may not be used to\par
 * endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
 * specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 2002 CITEL Technologies Ltd.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
 * are met: \par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
 * 3. Neither the name of CITEL Technologies Ltd nor the names of its contributors \par
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software \par
 *    without specific prior written permission. \par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CITEL TECHNOLOGIES AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS''\par
 * AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL CITEL TECHNOLOGIES OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE \par
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS \par
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) \par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT \par
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY \par
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF \par
 * SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 1989 Regents of the University of California.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
 * duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
 * advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
 * distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
 * by the University of California, Berkeley.  The name of the\par
 * University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
 * from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@axon.tv>\par
 * Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 * \par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, \par
 * are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
 *\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
 *    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
 *    derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED \par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF \par
 * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT \par
 * SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, \par
 * EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT \par
 * OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS \par
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN \par
 * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING \par
 * IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY \par
 * OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc.\par
* portions Copyright (c) 1997 Global Election Systems Inc.\par
*\par
* The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
* and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
* that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
* notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any \par
* distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required\par
* for any of the authorized uses.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS *AS IS* AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. \par
* IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
* INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
* NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
* DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
* THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
* (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
* THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc.\par
* portions Copyright (c) 1998 Global Election Systems Inc.\par
* portions Copyright (c) 2001 by Cognizant Pty Ltd.\par
*\par
* The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
* and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
* that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
* notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any \par
* distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required\par
* for any of the authorized uses.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS *AS IS* AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. \par
* IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
* INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
* NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
* DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
* THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
* (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
* THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 1989 Regents of the University of California.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
 * duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
 * advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
 * distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
 * by the University of California, Berkeley.  The name of the\par
 * University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
 * from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc.\par
* Copyright (c) 1998 by Global Election Systems Inc.\par
*\par
* The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
* and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
* that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
* notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any \par
* distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required\par
* for any of the authorized uses.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS *AS IS* AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. \par
* IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
* INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
* NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
* DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
* THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
* (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
* THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@gmx.net>\par
 * Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,\par
 * are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
 *\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
 *    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
 *    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT\par
 * SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\par
 * EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT\par
 * OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
 * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING\par
 * IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY\par
 * OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc.\par
* portions Copyright (c) 1998 Global Election Systems Inc.\par
*\par
* The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
* and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
* that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
* notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any \par
* distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required\par
* for any of the authorized uses.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS *AS IS* AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. \par
* IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
* INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
* NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
* DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
* THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
* (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
* THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
******************************************************************************\par
* Copyright (c) 1993 The Australian National University.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
 * duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
 * advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
 * distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
 * by the Australian National University.  The name of the University\par
 * may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
 * software without specific prior written permission.\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 *\par
 * Copyright (c) 1991 Gregory M. Christy\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
 * duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
 * advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
 * distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
 * by the author.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Port to lwIP from uIP\par
 * by Jim Pettinato April 2007\par
 * uIP version Copyright (c) 2002-2003, Adam Dunkels.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote\par
 *    products derived from this software without specific prior\par
 *    written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS\par
 * OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
 * DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE\par
 * GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
 * WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
 * NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
 * SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 2006 by Marc Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc.\par
*\par
* The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
* and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
* that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
* notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any \par
* distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required\par
* for any of the authorized uses.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS *AS IS* AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. \par
* IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
* INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
* NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
* DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
* THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
* (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
* THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
******************************************************************************\par
* Copyright (c) 2002 The NetBSD Foundation, Inc.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * This code is derived from software contributed to The NetBSD Foundation\par
 * by Martin Husemann <martin@NetBSD.org>.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
 *    must display the following acknowledgement:\par
 *        This product includes software developed by the NetBSD\par
 *        Foundation, Inc. and its contributors.\par
 * 4. Neither the name of The NetBSD Foundation nor the names of its\par
 *    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
 *    from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE NETBSD FOUNDATION, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
 * ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED\par
 * TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
 * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE FOUNDATION OR CONTRIBUTORS\par
 * BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
 * CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
 * SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
 * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
 * POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
newlib (for MicroBlaze)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING.LIB\par
FILE: ./newlib/libc/sys/linux/linuxthreads/LICENSE\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU Library General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING.LIBGLOSS\par
#######################################\par
The libgloss subdirectory is a collection of software from several sources.\par
Each have their own copyrights embedded in each file that they concern.\par
\par
(1) University of California, Berkeley\par
\par
[1a]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
and other materials related to such distribution and use \par
acknowledge that the software was developed\par
by the University of California, Berkeley.  The name of the\par
University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
[1b]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991, 2000 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
   must display the following acknowledgement:\par
     This product includes software developed by the University of\par
     California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
   may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
   without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
[1c]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991, 1998, 2001 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. [rescinded 22 July 1999]\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
   may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
   without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------\par
 Please note that in some of the above alternate licenses, there is a\par
 statement regarding that acknowledgement must be made in any\par
 advertising materials for products using the code.  This restriction\par
 no longer applies due to the following license change:\par
\par
  ftp://ftp.cs.berkeley.edu/pub/4bsd/README.Impt.License.Change\par
\par
 In some cases the defunct clause has been removed in modified newlib code and\par
 in some cases, the clause has been left as-is.\par
-------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
(2) DJ Delorie\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 DJ Delorie\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms is permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and following paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms.\par
\par
This file is distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied\par
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
(3) GPL (fr30 directory only)\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
Contributed by Cygnus Solutions.\par
\par
This file is part of GNU CC.\par
\par
GNU CC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
\par
GNU CC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GNU CC; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to\par
the Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
(4) Advanced Micro Devices\par
\par
Copyright 1989, 1990 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.\par
\par
This software is the property of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc  (AMD)  which\par
specifically  grants the user the right to modify, use and distribute this\par
software provided this notice is not removed or altered.  All other rights\par
are reserved by AMD.\par
\par
AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS\par
SOFTWARE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR\par
USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
So that all may benefit from your experience, please report  any  problems\par
or  suggestions about this software to the 29K Technical Support Center at\par
800-29-29-AMD (800-292-9263) in the USA, or 0800-89-1131  in  the  UK,  or\par
0031-11-1129 in Japan, toll free.  The direct dial number is 512-462-4118.\par
\par
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.\par
29K Support Products\par
Mail Stop 573\par
5900 E. Ben White Blvd.\par
Austin, TX 78741\par
800-292-9263\par
\par
(5) Array Technology Corporation and MIPS (mips/lsi33k-stub.h)\par
 \par
COPYRIGHT (C) 1991, 1992 ARRAY TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION\par
              All Rights Reserved\par
\par
This software is confidential information which is proprietary to and\par
a trade secret of ARRAY Technology Corporation.  Use, duplication, or\par
disclosure is subject to the terms of a separate license agreement.\par
\par
Copyright 1985 by MIPS Computer Systems, Inc.\par
 \par
(6) University of Utah and the Computer Systems Laboratory (CSL)\par
    [applies only to hppa*-*-pro* targets] \par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990,1994 The University of Utah and\par
the Computer Systems Laboratory (CSL).  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute this software is hereby\par
granted provided that (1) source code retains these copyright, permission,\par
and disclaimer notices, and (2) redistributions including binaries\par
reproduce the notices in supporting documentation, and (3) all advertising\par
materials mentioning features or use of this software display the following\par
acknowledgement: ``This product includes software developed by the\par
Computer Systems Laboratory at the University of Utah.''\par
\par
THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH AND CSL ALLOW FREE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE IN ITS "AS\par
IS" CONDITION.  THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH AND CSL DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY OF\par
ANY KIND FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
CSL requests users of this software to return to csl-dist@cs.utah.edu any\par
improvements that they make and grant CSL redistribution rights.\par
\par
(7) Sun Microsystems\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Developed at SunPro, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software is freely granted, provided that this notice \par
is preserved.\par
\par
(8) Hewlett Packard\par
\par
(c) Copyright 1986 HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY\par
\par
To anyone who acknowledges that this file is provided "AS IS"\par
without any express or implied warranty:\par
    permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this file\par
for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that\par
the above copyright notice and this notice appears in all\par
copies, and that the name of Hewlett-Packard Company not be\par
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution\par
of the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
Hewlett-Packard Company makes no representations about the\par
suitability of this software for any purpose.\par
\par
(9) Hans-Peter Nilsson\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2001 Hans-Peter Nilsson\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software is\par
freely granted, provided that the above copyright notice, this notice\par
and the following disclaimer are preserved with no changes.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE.\par
\par
(10) No Copyright\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT COPYRIGHTED\par
\par
(11) Cygnus Support / Cygnus Solutions\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999 Cygnus Support\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,\par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.\par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors\par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that\par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where\par
they apply.\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------\par
 Please note that the copyright above may be used with the name\par
 Cygnus Solutions instead of Cygnus Support.  Both names should\par
 be considered interchangeable.  These copyrights are now owned\par
 by Red Hat Incorporated.\par
---------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
(12) Red Hat Incorporated\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 Red Hat, Inc.\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,\par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.\par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors\par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that\par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where\par
they apply.\par
\par
(13) Default copyright \par
\par
Unless otherwise stated in each remaining libgloss file, the remaining\par
files in the libgloss subdirectory are governed by the following copyright.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994, 1997, 2001, 2002 Red Hat Incorporated.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \par
\par
    Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
    Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
    The name of Red Hat Incorporated may not be used to endorse \par
    or promote products derived from this software without specific \par
    prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" \par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL RED HAT INCORPORATED BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND \par
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
 \par
\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING.NEWLIB\par
#######################################\par
The newlib subdirectory is a collection of software from several sources.\par
Each file may have its own copyright/license that is embedded in the source \par
file.\par
\par
This list documents those licenses which are more restrictive than\par
a BSD-like license or require the copyright notice\par
to be duplicated in documentation and/or other materials associated with\par
the distribution.  Certain licenses documented here only apply to\par
specific targets.  Certain clauses only apply if you are building the\par
code as part of your binary.\par
\par
Note that this list may omit certain licenses that\par
only pertain to the copying/modifying of the individual source code. \par
If you are distributing the source code, then you do not need to\par
worry about these omitted licenses, so long as you do not modify the\par
copyright information already in place.\par
\par
(1) University of California, Berkeley\par
\par
[1a]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
and other materials related to such distribution and use \par
acknowledge that the software was developed\par
by the University of California, Berkeley.  The name of the\par
University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
[1b]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
by the University of California, Berkeley.  The name of the\par
University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
[1c]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1981, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994 \par
The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
   must display the following acknowledgement:\par
     This product includes software developed by the University of\par
     California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
   may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
   without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
[1d]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
   may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
   without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
[1e]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1982, 1986, 1989, 1991, 1993, 1994\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
(c) UNIX System Laboratories, Inc.\par
All or some portions of this file are derived from material licensed\par
to the University of California by American Telephone and Telegraph\par
Co. or Unix System Laboratories, Inc. and are reproduced herein with\par
the permission of UNIX System Laboratories, Inc.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
   must display the following acknowledgement:\par
     This product includes software developed by the University of\par
     California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
   may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
   without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
[1f]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1987, 1988, 2000 Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
provided that: (1) source distributions retain this entire copyright\par
notice and comment, and (2) distributions including binaries display\par
the following acknowledgement:  ``This product includes software\par
developed by the University of California, Berkeley and its contributors''\par
in the documentation or other materials provided with the distribution\par
and in all advertising materials mentioning features or use of this\par
software. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its\par
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------\par
 Please note that in some of the above alternate licenses, there is a\par
 statement regarding that acknowledgement must be made in any\par
 advertising materials for products using the code.  This restriction\par
 no longer applies due to the following license change:\par
\par
  ftp://ftp.cs.berkeley.edu/pub/4bsd/README.Impt.License.Change\par
\par
 In some cases the defunct clause has been removed in modified newlib code and\par
 in some cases, the clause has been left as-is.\par
-------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
(2) Cygwin (cygwin targets only)\par
\par
Copyright 2001 Red Hat, Inc.\par
\par
This software is a copyrighted work licensed under the terms of the\par
Cygwin license.  Please consult the file "CYGWIN_LICENSE" for\par
details.\par
\par
(3) David M. Gay at AT&T\par
\par
The author of this software is David M. Gay.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991 by AT&T.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice\par
is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy\par
or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting\par
documentation for such software.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTY.  IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY\par
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
(4) Advanced Micro Devices\par
\par
Copyright 1989, 1990 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.\par
\par
This software is the property of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc  (AMD)  which\par
specifically  grants the user the right to modify, use and distribute this\par
software provided this notice is not removed or altered.  All other rights\par
are reserved by AMD.\par
\par
AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS\par
SOFTWARE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR\par
USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
So that all may benefit from your experience, please report  any  problems\par
or  suggestions about this software to the 29K Technical Support Center at\par
800-29-29-AMD (800-292-9263) in the USA, or 0800-89-1131  in  the  UK,  or\par
0031-11-1129 in Japan, toll free.  The direct dial number is 512-462-4118.\par
\par
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.\par
29K Support Products\par
Mail Stop 573\par
5900 E. Ben White Blvd.\par
Austin, TX 78741\par
800-292-9263\par
\par
(5) C.W. Sandmann\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 C.W. Sandmann\par
\par
This file may be freely distributed as long as the author's name remains.\par
\par
(6) Eric Backus\par
\par
(C) Copyright 1992 Eric Backus\par
\par
This software may be used freely so long as this copyright notice is\par
left intact.  There is no warrantee on this software.\par
\par
(7) Sun Microsystems\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Developed at SunPro, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software is freely granted, provided that this notice \par
is preserved.\par
\par
(8) Hewlett Packard\par
\par
(c) Copyright 1986 HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY\par
\par
To anyone who acknowledges that this file is provided "AS IS"\par
without any express or implied warranty:\par
    permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this file\par
for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that\par
the above copyright notice and this notice appears in all\par
copies, and that the name of Hewlett-Packard Company not be\par
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution\par
of the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
Hewlett-Packard Company makes no representations about the\par
suitability of this software for any purpose.\par
\par
(9) Hans-Peter Nilsson\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2001 Hans-Peter Nilsson\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software is\par
freely granted, provided that the above copyright notice, this notice\par
and the following disclaimer are preserved with no changes.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE.\par
\par
(10) Stephane Carrez (m68hc11-elf/m68hc12-elf targets only)\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 Stephane Carrez (stcarrez@nerim.fr)\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,\par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.\par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors\par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that\par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where\par
they apply.\par
\par
(11) Christopher G. Demetriou\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001 Christopher G. Demetriou\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(12) SuperH, Inc.\par
\par
Copyright 2002 SuperH, Inc. All rights reserved\par
\par
This software is the property of SuperH, Inc (SuperH) which specifically\par
grants the user the right to modify, use and distribute this software\par
provided this notice is not removed or altered.  All other rights are\par
reserved by SuperH.\par
\par
SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO\par
THIS SOFTWARE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, \par
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM\par
THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
So that all may benefit from your experience, please report any problems\par
or suggestions about this software to the SuperH Support Center via\par
e-mail at softwaresupport@superh.com .\par
\par
SuperH, Inc.\par
405 River Oaks Parkway\par
San Jose\par
CA 95134\par
USA\par
\par
(13) Royal Institute of Technology\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999 Kungliga Tekniska H\u246ogskolan\par
(Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden).\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. Neither the name of KTH nor the names of its contributors may be\par
   used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
   specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR\par
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR\par
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF\par
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(14) Alexey Zelkin\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000, 2001 Alexey Zelkin <phantom@FreeBSD.org>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(15) Andrey A. Chernov\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1997 by Andrey A. Chernov, Moscow, Russia.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(16) FreeBSD\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997-2002 FreeBSD Project.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(17) S. L. Moshier\par
\par
Author:  S. L. Moshier.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1984,2000 S.L. Moshier\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice\par
is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy\par
or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting\par
documentation for such software.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTY.  IN PARTICULAR,  THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION\par
OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
(18) Citrus Project\par
\par
Copyright (c)1999 Citrus Project,\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(19) Todd C. Miller\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998 Todd C. Miller <Todd.Miller@courtesan.com>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY\par
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL\par
THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\par
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;\par
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR\par
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF\par
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(20) DJ Delorie (i386) \par
\par
Copyright (C) 1991 DJ Delorie\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms is permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and following paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms.\par
\par
This file is distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied\par
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
(21) Free Software Foundation LGPL License (*-linux* targets only)\par
\par
   Copyright (C) 1990-1999, 2000, 2001 \par
   Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This file is part of the GNU C Library.\par
   Contributed by Mark Kettenis <kettenis@phys.uva.nl>, 1997.\par
\par
   The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
   modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
   License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
   version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
   The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
   Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
   License along with the GNU C Library; if not, write to the Free\par
   Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
   02110-1301 USA.\par
\par
(22) Xavier Leroy LGPL License (i[3456]86-*-linux* targets only)\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996 Xavier Leroy (Xavier.Leroy@inria.fr)\par
\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License\par
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2\par
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
                                                     \par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU Library General Public License for more details.\par
\par
(23) Intel (i960)\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993 Intel Corporation\par
\par
Intel hereby grants you permission to copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software and its documentation.  Intel grants this permission provided\par
that the above copyright notice appears in all copies and that both the\par
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting\par
documentation.  In addition, Intel grants this permission provided that\par
you prominently mark as "not part of the original" any modifications\par
made to this software or documentation, and that the name of Intel\par
Corporation not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to\par
distribution of the software or the documentation without specific,\par
written prior permission.\par
\par
Intel Corporation provides this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY\par
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  Intel makes no guarantee or\par
representations regarding the use of, or the results of the use of,\par
the software and documentation in terms of correctness, accuracy,\par
reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and you rely on the software,\par
documentation and results solely at your own risk.\par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS,\par
LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
OF ANY KIND.  IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM\par
PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER.\par
\par
(24) Hewlett-Packard  (hppa targets only)\par
\par
(c) Copyright 1986 HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY\par
\par
To anyone who acknowledges that this file is provided "AS IS"\par
without any express or implied warranty:\par
    permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this file\par
for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that\par
the above copyright notice and this notice appears in all\par
copies, and that the name of Hewlett-Packard Company not be\par
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution\par
of the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
Hewlett-Packard Company makes no representations about the\par
suitability of this software for any purpose.\par
\par
(25) Henry Spencer (only *-linux targets)\par
\par
Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry Spencer.  All rights reserved.\par
This software is not subject to any license of the American Telephone\par
and Telegraph Company or of the Regents of the University of California.\par
\par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose on\par
any computer system, and to alter it and redistribute it, subject\par
to the following restrictions:\par
\par
1. The author is not responsible for the consequences of use of this\par
   software, no matter how awful, even if they arise from flaws in it.\par
\par
2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented, either by\par
   explicit claim or by omission.  Since few users ever read sources,\par
   credits must appear in the documentation.\par
\par
3. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
   misrepresented as being the original software.  Since few users\par
   ever read sources, credits must appear in the documentation.\par
\par
4. This notice may not be removed or altered.\par
\par
(26) Mike Barcroft\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001 Mike Barcroft <mike@FreeBSD.org>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(27) Konstantin Chuguev (--enable-newlib-iconv)\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999, 2000\par
   Konstantin Chuguev.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
   iconv (Charset Conversion Library) v2.0\par
\par
(27) Artem Bityuckiy (--enable-newlib-iconv)\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2003, Artem B. Bityuckiy, SoftMine Corporation.\par
Rights transferred to Franklin Electronic Publishers.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(28) Red Hat Incorporated\par
\par
Unless otherwise stated in each remaining newlib file, the remaining\par
files in the newlib subdirectory default to the following copyright.\par
It should be noted that Red Hat Incorporated now owns copyrights\par
belonging to Cygnus Solutions and Cygnus Support.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994, 1997, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 Red Hat Incorporated.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \par
\par
    Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
    Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
    The name of Red Hat Incorporated may not be used to endorse \par
    or promote products derived from this software without specific \par
    prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" \par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL RED HAT INCORPORATED BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND \par
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
 \par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./newlib/libc/sys/linux/stdlib/COPYRIGHT\par
#######################################\par
Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry Spencer.  All rights reserved.\par
This software is not subject to any license of the American Telephone\par
and Telegraph Company or of the Regents of the University of California.\par
\par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose on\par
any computer system, and to alter it and redistribute it, subject\par
to the following restrictions:\par
\par
1. The author is not responsible for the consequences of use of this\par
   software, no matter how awful, even if they arise from flaws in it.\par
\par
2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented, either by\par
   explicit claim or by omission.  Since few users ever read sources,\par
   credits must appear in the documentation.\par
\par
3. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
   misrepresented as being the original software.  Since few users\par
   ever read sources, credits must appear in the documentation.\par
\par
4. This notice may not be removed or altered.\par
\par
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=\par
/*-\par
 * Copyright (c) 1994\par
 *	The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
 *    must display the following acknowledgement:\par
 *	This product includes software developed by the University of\par
 *	California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
 * 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
 *    without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 * SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 *\par
 *	@(#)COPYRIGHT	8.1 (Berkeley) 3/16/94\par
 */\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
newlib (for PowerPC)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING.LIB\par
FILE: ./newlib/libc/sys/linux/linuxthreads/LICENSE\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU Library General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING.LIBGLOSS\par
#######################################\par
The libgloss subdirectory is a collection of software from several sources.\par
Each have their own copyrights embedded in each file that they concern.\par
\par
(1) University of California, Berkeley\par
\par
[1a]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
and other materials related to such distribution and use \par
acknowledge that the software was developed\par
by the University of California, Berkeley.  The name of the\par
University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
[1b]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991, 2000 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
   must display the following acknowledgement:\par
     This product includes software developed by the University of\par
     California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
   may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
   without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
[1c]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991, 1998, 2001 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. [rescinded 22 July 1999]\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
   may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
   without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------\par
 Please note that in some of the above alternate licenses, there is a\par
 statement regarding that acknowledgement must be made in any\par
 advertising materials for products using the code.  This restriction\par
 no longer applies due to the following license change:\par
\par
  ftp://ftp.cs.berkeley.edu/pub/4bsd/README.Impt.License.Change\par
\par
 In some cases the defunct clause has been removed in modified newlib code and\par
 in some cases, the clause has been left as-is.\par
-------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
(2) DJ Delorie\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 DJ Delorie\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms is permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and following paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms.\par
\par
This file is distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied\par
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
(3) GPL (fr30 directory only)\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
Contributed by Cygnus Solutions.\par
\par
This file is part of GNU CC.\par
\par
GNU CC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
\par
GNU CC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GNU CC; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to\par
the Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
(4) Advanced Micro Devices\par
\par
Copyright 1989, 1990 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.\par
\par
This software is the property of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc  (AMD)  which\par
specifically  grants the user the right to modify, use and distribute this\par
software provided this notice is not removed or altered.  All other rights\par
are reserved by AMD.\par
\par
AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS\par
SOFTWARE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR\par
USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
So that all may benefit from your experience, please report  any  problems\par
or  suggestions about this software to the 29K Technical Support Center at\par
800-29-29-AMD (800-292-9263) in the USA, or 0800-89-1131  in  the  UK,  or\par
0031-11-1129 in Japan, toll free.  The direct dial number is 512-462-4118.\par
\par
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.\par
29K Support Products\par
Mail Stop 573\par
5900 E. Ben White Blvd.\par
Austin, TX 78741\par
800-292-9263\par
\par
(5) Array Technology Corporation and MIPS (mips/lsi33k-stub.h)\par
 \par
COPYRIGHT (C) 1991, 1992 ARRAY TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION\par
              All Rights Reserved\par
\par
This software is confidential information which is proprietary to and\par
a trade secret of ARRAY Technology Corporation.  Use, duplication, or\par
disclosure is subject to the terms of a separate license agreement.\par
\par
Copyright 1985 by MIPS Computer Systems, Inc.\par
 \par
(6) University of Utah and the Computer Systems Laboratory (CSL)\par
    [applies only to hppa*-*-pro* targets] \par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990,1994 The University of Utah and\par
the Computer Systems Laboratory (CSL).  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute this software is hereby\par
granted provided that (1) source code retains these copyright, permission,\par
and disclaimer notices, and (2) redistributions including binaries\par
reproduce the notices in supporting documentation, and (3) all advertising\par
materials mentioning features or use of this software display the following\par
acknowledgement: ``This product includes software developed by the\par
Computer Systems Laboratory at the University of Utah.''\par
\par
THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH AND CSL ALLOW FREE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE IN ITS "AS\par
IS" CONDITION.  THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH AND CSL DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY OF\par
ANY KIND FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
CSL requests users of this software to return to csl-dist@cs.utah.edu any\par
improvements that they make and grant CSL redistribution rights.\par
\par
(7) Sun Microsystems\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Developed at SunPro, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software is freely granted, provided that this notice \par
is preserved.\par
\par
(8) Hewlett Packard\par
\par
(c) Copyright 1986 HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY\par
\par
To anyone who acknowledges that this file is provided "AS IS"\par
without any express or implied warranty:\par
    permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this file\par
for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that\par
the above copyright notice and this notice appears in all\par
copies, and that the name of Hewlett-Packard Company not be\par
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution\par
of the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
Hewlett-Packard Company makes no representations about the\par
suitability of this software for any purpose.\par
\par
(9) Hans-Peter Nilsson\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2001 Hans-Peter Nilsson\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software is\par
freely granted, provided that the above copyright notice, this notice\par
and the following disclaimer are preserved with no changes.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE.\par
\par
(10) No Copyright\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT COPYRIGHTED\par
\par
(11) Cygnus Support / Cygnus Solutions\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999 Cygnus Support\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,\par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.\par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors\par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that\par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where\par
they apply.\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------\par
 Please note that the copyright above may be used with the name\par
 Cygnus Solutions instead of Cygnus Support.  Both names should\par
 be considered interchangeable.  These copyrights are now owned\par
 by Red Hat Incorporated.\par
---------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
(12) Red Hat Incorporated\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 Red Hat, Inc.\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,\par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.\par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors\par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that\par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where\par
they apply.\par
\par
(13) Default copyright \par
\par
Unless otherwise stated in each remaining libgloss file, the remaining\par
files in the libgloss subdirectory are governed by the following copyright.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994, 1997, 2001, 2002 Red Hat Incorporated.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \par
\par
    Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
    Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
    The name of Red Hat Incorporated may not be used to endorse \par
    or promote products derived from this software without specific \par
    prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" \par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL RED HAT INCORPORATED BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND \par
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
 \par
\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING.NEWLIB\par
#######################################\par
The newlib subdirectory is a collection of software from several sources.\par
Each file may have its own copyright/license that is embedded in the source \par
file.\par
\par
This list documents those licenses which are more restrictive than\par
a BSD-like license or require the copyright notice\par
to be duplicated in documentation and/or other materials associated with\par
the distribution.  Certain licenses documented here only apply to\par
specific targets.  Certain clauses only apply if you are building the\par
code as part of your binary.\par
\par
Note that this list may omit certain licenses that\par
only pertain to the copying/modifying of the individual source code. \par
If you are distributing the source code, then you do not need to\par
worry about these omitted licenses, so long as you do not modify the\par
copyright information already in place.\par
\par
(1) University of California, Berkeley\par
\par
[1a]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
and other materials related to such distribution and use \par
acknowledge that the software was developed\par
by the University of California, Berkeley.  The name of the\par
University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
[1b]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
by the University of California, Berkeley.  The name of the\par
University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
[1c]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1981, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994 \par
The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
   must display the following acknowledgement:\par
     This product includes software developed by the University of\par
     California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
   may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
   without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
[1d]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
   may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
   without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
[1e]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1982, 1986, 1989, 1991, 1993, 1994\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
(c) UNIX System Laboratories, Inc.\par
All or some portions of this file are derived from material licensed\par
to the University of California by American Telephone and Telegraph\par
Co. or Unix System Laboratories, Inc. and are reproduced herein with\par
the permission of UNIX System Laboratories, Inc.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
   must display the following acknowledgement:\par
     This product includes software developed by the University of\par
     California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
   may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
   without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
[1f]\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1987, 1988, 2000 Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
provided that: (1) source distributions retain this entire copyright\par
notice and comment, and (2) distributions including binaries display\par
the following acknowledgement:  ``This product includes software\par
developed by the University of California, Berkeley and its contributors''\par
in the documentation or other materials provided with the distribution\par
and in all advertising materials mentioning features or use of this\par
software. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its\par
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------\par
 Please note that in some of the above alternate licenses, there is a\par
 statement regarding that acknowledgement must be made in any\par
 advertising materials for products using the code.  This restriction\par
 no longer applies due to the following license change:\par
\par
  ftp://ftp.cs.berkeley.edu/pub/4bsd/README.Impt.License.Change\par
\par
 In some cases the defunct clause has been removed in modified newlib code and\par
 in some cases, the clause has been left as-is.\par
-------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
(2) Cygwin (cygwin targets only)\par
\par
Copyright 2001 Red Hat, Inc.\par
\par
This software is a copyrighted work licensed under the terms of the\par
Cygwin license.  Please consult the file "CYGWIN_LICENSE" for\par
details.\par
\par
(3) David M. Gay at AT&T\par
\par
The author of this software is David M. Gay.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991 by AT&T.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice\par
is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy\par
or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting\par
documentation for such software.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTY.  IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY\par
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
(4) Advanced Micro Devices\par
\par
Copyright 1989, 1990 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.\par
\par
This software is the property of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc  (AMD)  which\par
specifically  grants the user the right to modify, use and distribute this\par
software provided this notice is not removed or altered.  All other rights\par
are reserved by AMD.\par
\par
AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS\par
SOFTWARE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR\par
USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
So that all may benefit from your experience, please report  any  problems\par
or  suggestions about this software to the 29K Technical Support Center at\par
800-29-29-AMD (800-292-9263) in the USA, or 0800-89-1131  in  the  UK,  or\par
0031-11-1129 in Japan, toll free.  The direct dial number is 512-462-4118.\par
\par
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.\par
29K Support Products\par
Mail Stop 573\par
5900 E. Ben White Blvd.\par
Austin, TX 78741\par
800-292-9263\par
\par
(5) C.W. Sandmann\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 C.W. Sandmann\par
\par
This file may be freely distributed as long as the author's name remains.\par
\par
(6) Eric Backus\par
\par
(C) Copyright 1992 Eric Backus\par
\par
This software may be used freely so long as this copyright notice is\par
left intact.  There is no warrantee on this software.\par
\par
(7) Sun Microsystems\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Developed at SunPro, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software is freely granted, provided that this notice \par
is preserved.\par
\par
(8) Hewlett Packard\par
\par
(c) Copyright 1986 HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY\par
\par
To anyone who acknowledges that this file is provided "AS IS"\par
without any express or implied warranty:\par
    permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this file\par
for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that\par
the above copyright notice and this notice appears in all\par
copies, and that the name of Hewlett-Packard Company not be\par
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution\par
of the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
Hewlett-Packard Company makes no representations about the\par
suitability of this software for any purpose.\par
\par
(9) Hans-Peter Nilsson\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2001 Hans-Peter Nilsson\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software is\par
freely granted, provided that the above copyright notice, this notice\par
and the following disclaimer are preserved with no changes.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE.\par
\par
(10) Stephane Carrez (m68hc11-elf/m68hc12-elf targets only)\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 Stephane Carrez (stcarrez@nerim.fr)\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,\par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.\par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors\par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that\par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where\par
they apply.\par
\par
(11) Christopher G. Demetriou\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001 Christopher G. Demetriou\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(12) SuperH, Inc.\par
\par
Copyright 2002 SuperH, Inc. All rights reserved\par
\par
This software is the property of SuperH, Inc (SuperH) which specifically\par
grants the user the right to modify, use and distribute this software\par
provided this notice is not removed or altered.  All other rights are\par
reserved by SuperH.\par
\par
SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO\par
THIS SOFTWARE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, \par
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM\par
THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
So that all may benefit from your experience, please report any problems\par
or suggestions about this software to the SuperH Support Center via\par
e-mail at softwaresupport@superh.com .\par
\par
SuperH, Inc.\par
405 River Oaks Parkway\par
San Jose\par
CA 95134\par
USA\par
\par
(13) Royal Institute of Technology\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999 Kungliga Tekniska H\u246ogskolan\par
(Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden).\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. Neither the name of KTH nor the names of its contributors may be\par
   used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
   specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR\par
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR\par
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF\par
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(14) Alexey Zelkin\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000, 2001 Alexey Zelkin <phantom@FreeBSD.org>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(15) Andrey A. Chernov\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1997 by Andrey A. Chernov, Moscow, Russia.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(16) FreeBSD\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997-2002 FreeBSD Project.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(17) S. L. Moshier\par
\par
Author:  S. L. Moshier.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1984,2000 S.L. Moshier\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice\par
is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy\par
or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting\par
documentation for such software.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTY.  IN PARTICULAR,  THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION\par
OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
(18) Citrus Project\par
\par
Copyright (c)1999 Citrus Project,\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(19) Todd C. Miller\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998 Todd C. Miller <Todd.Miller@courtesan.com>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY\par
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL\par
THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\par
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;\par
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR\par
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF\par
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(20) DJ Delorie (i386) \par
\par
Copyright (C) 1991 DJ Delorie\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms is permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and following paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms.\par
\par
This file is distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied\par
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
(21) Free Software Foundation LGPL License (*-linux* targets only)\par
\par
   Copyright (C) 1990-1999, 2000, 2001 \par
   Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This file is part of the GNU C Library.\par
   Contributed by Mark Kettenis <kettenis@phys.uva.nl>, 1997.\par
\par
   The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
   modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
   License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
   version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
   The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
   Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
   License along with the GNU C Library; if not, write to the Free\par
   Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
   02110-1301 USA.\par
\par
(22) Xavier Leroy LGPL License (i[3456]86-*-linux* targets only)\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996 Xavier Leroy (Xavier.Leroy@inria.fr)\par
\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License\par
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2\par
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
                                                     \par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU Library General Public License for more details.\par
\par
(23) Intel (i960)\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993 Intel Corporation\par
\par
Intel hereby grants you permission to copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software and its documentation.  Intel grants this permission provided\par
that the above copyright notice appears in all copies and that both the\par
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting\par
documentation.  In addition, Intel grants this permission provided that\par
you prominently mark as "not part of the original" any modifications\par
made to this software or documentation, and that the name of Intel\par
Corporation not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to\par
distribution of the software or the documentation without specific,\par
written prior permission.\par
\par
Intel Corporation provides this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY\par
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  Intel makes no guarantee or\par
representations regarding the use of, or the results of the use of,\par
the software and documentation in terms of correctness, accuracy,\par
reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and you rely on the software,\par
documentation and results solely at your own risk.\par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS,\par
LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
OF ANY KIND.  IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM\par
PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER.\par
\par
(24) Hewlett-Packard  (hppa targets only)\par
\par
(c) Copyright 1986 HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY\par
\par
To anyone who acknowledges that this file is provided "AS IS"\par
without any express or implied warranty:\par
    permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this file\par
for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that\par
the above copyright notice and this notice appears in all\par
copies, and that the name of Hewlett-Packard Company not be\par
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution\par
of the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
Hewlett-Packard Company makes no representations about the\par
suitability of this software for any purpose.\par
\par
(25) Henry Spencer (only *-linux targets)\par
\par
Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry Spencer.  All rights reserved.\par
This software is not subject to any license of the American Telephone\par
and Telegraph Company or of the Regents of the University of California.\par
\par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose on\par
any computer system, and to alter it and redistribute it, subject\par
to the following restrictions:\par
\par
1. The author is not responsible for the consequences of use of this\par
   software, no matter how awful, even if they arise from flaws in it.\par
\par
2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented, either by\par
   explicit claim or by omission.  Since few users ever read sources,\par
   credits must appear in the documentation.\par
\par
3. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
   misrepresented as being the original software.  Since few users\par
   ever read sources, credits must appear in the documentation.\par
\par
4. This notice may not be removed or altered.\par
\par
(26) Mike Barcroft\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001 Mike Barcroft <mike@FreeBSD.org>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(27) Konstantin Chuguev (--enable-newlib-iconv)\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999, 2000\par
   Konstantin Chuguev.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
   iconv (Charset Conversion Library) v2.0\par
\par
(27) Artem Bityuckiy (--enable-newlib-iconv)\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2003, Artem B. Bityuckiy, SoftMine Corporation.\par
Rights transferred to Franklin Electronic Publishers.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(28) Red Hat Incorporated\par
\par
Unless otherwise stated in each remaining newlib file, the remaining\par
files in the newlib subdirectory default to the following copyright.\par
It should be noted that Red Hat Incorporated now owns copyrights\par
belonging to Cygnus Solutions and Cygnus Support.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994, 1997, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 Red Hat Incorporated.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \par
\par
    Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
    Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
    The name of Red Hat Incorporated may not be used to endorse \par
    or promote products derived from this software without specific \par
    prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" \par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL RED HAT INCORPORATED BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND \par
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
 \par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./newlib/libc/sys/linux/stdlib/COPYRIGHT\par
#######################################\par
Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry Spencer.  All rights reserved.\par
This software is not subject to any license of the American Telephone\par
and Telegraph Company or of the Regents of the University of California.\par
\par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose on\par
any computer system, and to alter it and redistribute it, subject\par
to the following restrictions:\par
\par
1. The author is not responsible for the consequences of use of this\par
   software, no matter how awful, even if they arise from flaws in it.\par
\par
2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented, either by\par
   explicit claim or by omission.  Since few users ever read sources,\par
   credits must appear in the documentation.\par
\par
3. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
   misrepresented as being the original software.  Since few users\par
   ever read sources, credits must appear in the documentation.\par
\par
4. This notice may not be removed or altered.\par
\par
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=\par
/*-\par
 * Copyright (c) 1994\par
 *	The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
 *    must display the following acknowledgement:\par
 *	This product includes software developed by the University of\par
 *	California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
 * 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
 *    without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 * SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 *\par
 *	@(#)COPYRIGHT	8.1 (Berkeley) 3/16/94\par
 */\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
newlib (added 3/30/2012)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
BEGIN SOURCE FILE COPYRIGHT INFORMATION\par
#######################################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License along with the GNU C Library; if not, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA\par
02111-1307 USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2002, 2005, 2007, 2010, 2011 by Red Hat, Incorporated. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software\par
is freely granted, provided that this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009, Sun Microsystems, Inc.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
 - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
- Neither the name of Sun Microsystems, Inc. nor the names of its\par
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
  from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997,1998, 1999, 2000, 2001 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as\par
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the\par
License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with the GNU C Library.  If not,\par
write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330,\par
Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1987, 1990, 2007 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
by the University of California, Berkeley.  The name of the\par
University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,\par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.\par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors\par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that\par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where\par
they apply.\par
\par
************************************************************************\par
 \par
(c) Copyright 2002-2009 Analog Devices, Inc.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
This file defines macros used within the run-time libraries to enable\par
certain anomaly workarounds for the appropriate chips and silicon\par
revisions. Certain macros are defined for silicon-revision none - this\par
is to ensure behaviour is unchanged from libraries supplied with\par
earlier tools versions, where a small number of anomaly workarounds\par
were applied in all library flavours. __FORCE_LEGACY_WORKAROUNDS__\par
is defined in this case.\par
\par
This file defines macros for a subset of all anomalies that may impact\par
the run-time libraries.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
(C) Copyright IBM Corp. 2001, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, \par
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
    * Neither the name of IBM nor the names of its contributors may be \par
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without \par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" \par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE \par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR \par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF \par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS \par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN \par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) \par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE \par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 CodeSourcery Inc\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,\par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.\par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors\par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that\par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where\par
they apply.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000-2007 Red Hat, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
This copyrighted material is made available to anyone wishing to use, modify,\par
copy, or redistribute it subject to the terms and conditions of the BSD \par
License.   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, \par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY expressed or implied, including the implied \par
warranties of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  A copy of\par
this license is available at http://www.opensource.org/licenses. Any Red Hat \par
trademarks that are incorporated in the source code or documentation are not\par
subject to the BSD License and may only be used or replicated with the express\par
permission of Red Hat, Inc.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005 Red Hat, Inc.\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,\par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.\par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors\par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that\par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where\par
they apply.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1980, 1982, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 2000\par
	The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
    must display the following acknowledgement:\par
	This product includes software developed by the University of\par
	California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
  may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
  without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993 Daniel Boulet\par
Copyright (c) 1994 Ugen J.S.Antsilevich\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source forms, with and without modification,\par
are permitted provided that this entire comment appears intact.\par
\par
Redistribution in binary form may occur without any restrictions.\par
Obviously, it would be nice if you gave credit where credit is due\par
but requiring it would be too onerous.\par
\par
This software is provided ``AS IS'' without any warranties of any kind.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2004 National Semiconductor Corporation\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,\par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.\par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors\par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that\par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where\par
they apply.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Developed at SunPro, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software is freely granted, provided that this notice \par
is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1988, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001 WIDE Project.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the project nor the names of its contributors\par
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 2002, 2005, 2008, 2009 Red Hat Incorporated.\par
   All rights reserved.\par
\par
   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
   Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
   \par
   Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
   \par
   The name of Red Hat Incorporated may not be used to endorse\par
   or promote products derived from this software without specific\par
   prior written permission.\par
   \par
  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
  AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
  IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
  ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL RED HAT INCORPORATED BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
  DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
  (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
  LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND\par
  ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS   \par
  SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007, 2010 The NetBSD Foundation, Inc.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
This code is derived from software written by Stephen L. Moshier.\par
It is redistributed by the NetBSD Foundation by permission of the author.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE NETBSD FOUNDATION, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED\par
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE FOUNDATION OR CONTRIBUTORS\par
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1983, 1993\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
    must display the following acknowledgement:\par
	This product includes software developed by the University of\par
	California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
Portions Copyright (c) 1993 by Digital Equipment Corporation.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies, and that\par
the name of Digital Equipment Corporation not be used in advertising or\par
publicity pertaining to distribution of the document or software without\par
specific, written prior permission.\par
 \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORP. DISCLAIMS ALL\par
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS.   IN NO EVENT SHALL DIGITAL EQUIPMENT\par
CORPORATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR\par
PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS\par
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Sun RPC is a product of Sun Microsystems, Inc. and is provided for\par
unrestricted use provided that this legend is included on all tape\par
media and as a part of the software program in whole or part.  Users\par
may copy or modify Sun RPC without charge, but are not authorized\par
to license or distribute it to anyone else except as part of a product or\par
program developed by the user.\par
\par
SUN RPC IS PROVIDED AS IS WITH NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING THE\par
WARRANTIES OF DESIGN, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE, OR ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE.\par
\par
Sun RPC is provided with no support and without any obligation on the\par
part of Sun Microsystems, Inc. to assist in its use, correction,\par
modification or enhancement.\par
\par
SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE\par
INFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHTS, TRADE SECRETS OR ANY PATENTS BY SUN RPC\par
OR ANY PART THEREOF.\par
\par
In no event will Sun Microsystems, Inc. be liable for any lost revenue\par
or profits or other special, indirect and consequential damages, even if\par
Sun has been advised of the possibility of such damages.\par
\par
Sun Microsystems, Inc.\par
2550 Garcia Avenue\par
Mountain View, California  94043\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1995, 2001, 2002, 2007, 2009 Xilinx, Inc.  All rights reserved. \par
  \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
met:\par
  \par
1.  Redistributions source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
  \par
2.  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
  \par
3.  Neither the name of Xilinx nor the names of its contributors may be\par
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission. \par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS\par
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED\par
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED\par
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003\par
Broadcom Corporation. All rights reserved.\par
 \par
This software is furnished under license and may be used and copied only\par
in accordance with the following terms and conditions.  Subject to these\par
conditions, you may download, copy, install, use, modify and distribute\par
modified or unmodified copies of this software in source and/or binary\par
form. No title or ownership is transferred hereby.\par
 \par
1) Any source code used, modified or distributed must reproduce and\par
    retain this copyright notice and list of conditions as they appear in\par
    the source file.\par
  \par
2) No right is granted to use any trade name, trademark, or logo of\par
    Broadcom Corporation.  The "Broadcom Corporation" name may not be\par
    used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without the prior written permission of Broadcom Corporation.\par
 \par
3) THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
    WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
    MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR\par
    NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL BROADCOM BE LIABLE\par
    FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, AND IN PARTICULAR, BROADCOM SHALL NOT BE\par
    LIABLE FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
    CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
    SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR\par
    BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 Cygnus Support\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,\par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.\par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors\par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that\par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where\par
they apply.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2007, 2008, 2009 Eric Blake\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software\par
is freely granted, provided that this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000, 2001 Alexey Zelkin <phantom@FreeBSD.org>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998-2002 Luigi Rizzo, Universita` di Pisa\par
Portions Copyright (c) 2000 Akamba Corp.\par
All rights reserved\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993-2005, 2007 Axis Communications.\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Neither the name of Axis Communications nor the names of its\par
    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
    from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY AXIS COMMUNICATIONS AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS\par
``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL AXIS\par
COMMUNICATIONS OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,\par
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,\par
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING\par
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,\par
2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010, 2011   Free Software Foundation\par
\par
This file is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
 \par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
 \par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996, 1998 Xavier Leroy (Xavier.Leroy@inria.fr)             \par
                                                                      \par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or        \par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License  \par
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2      \par
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.               \par
                                                                      \par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,      \par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of       \par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the        \par
GNU Library General Public License for more details.                 \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2001, 2002, 2007 Hans-Peter Nilsson\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software is\par
freely granted, provided that the above copyright notice, this notice\par
and the following disclaimer are preserved with no changes.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008, 2010 Anthony Green\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,\par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.\par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors\par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that\par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where\par
they apply.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995 Alex Tatmanjants <alex@elvisti.kiev.ua>\par
at Electronni Visti IA, Kiev, Ukraine.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010 CodeSourcery, Inc.\par
   All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * Neither the name of CodeSourcery nor the\par
    names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products\par
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. ``AS IS'' AND ANY\par
 EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
 PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE\par
 FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
 CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT\par
 OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR\par
 BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
 LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE\par
 USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH\par
 DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2004, 2008, 2010 CodeSourcery, Inc.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this file\par
for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that\par
the above copyright notice and this notice appears in all\par
copies.\par
\par
This file is distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied\par
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995-1999 by Internet Software Consortium.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND INTERNET SOFTWARE CONSORTIUM DISCLAIMS\par
ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTERNET SOFTWARE\par
CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR\par
PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS\par
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Portions Copyright (c) 1995 by International Business Machines, Inc.\par
\par
International Business Machines, Inc. (hereinafter called IBM) grants\par
permission under its copyrights to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
Software with or without fee, provided that the above copyright notice and\par
all paragraphs of this notice appear in all copies, and that the name of IBM\par
not be used in connection with the marketing of any product incorporating\par
the Software or modifications thereof, without specific, written prior\par
permission.\par
\par
To the extent it has a right to do so, IBM grants an immunity from suit\par
under its patents, if any, for the use, sale or manufacture of products to\par
the extent that such products are used for performing Domain Name System\par
dynamic updates in TCP/IP networks by means of the Software.  No immunity is\par
granted for any product per se or for any other function of any product.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", AND IBM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL IBM BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL,\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER ARISING\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN\par
IF IBM IS APPRISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
RDOS operating system\par
Copyright (C) 1988-2006, Leif Ekblad\par
\par
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published\par
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
\par
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the\par
GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA \par
\par
The author of this program may be contacted at leif@rdos.net\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995, 1999\par
Berkeley Software Design, Inc.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY Berkeley Software Design, Inc. ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL Berkeley Software Design, Inc. BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2002-2004 Tim J. Robbins.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c)1999 Citrus Project,\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1996, 1998 Massachusetts Institute of Technology\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and\par
its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby\par
granted, provided that both the above copyright notice and this\par
permission notice appear in all copies, that both the above\par
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all\par
supporting documentation, and that the name of M.I.T. not be used\par
in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the\par
software without specific, written prior permission.  M.I.T. makes\par
no representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied\par
warranty.\par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY M.I.T. ``AS IS''.  M.I.T. DISCLAIMS\par
ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT\par
SHALL M.I.T. BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF\par
USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND\par
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT\par
OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001 Christopher G. Demetriou\par
All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009, 2011 ARM Ltd\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the company may not be used to endorse or promote\par
    products derived from this software without specific prior written\par
    permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED\par
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000,\par
2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This file is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program.  If not see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry Spencer.\par
Copyright (c) 1992, 1993, 1994 The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
 \par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
Copyright (c) 1989 Stephen Deering.\par
Copyright (c) 1992, 1993 The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
    must display the following acknowledgement:\par
	This product includes software developed by the University of\par
	California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1982, 1986, 1989, 1991, 1993 The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
(c) UNIX System Laboratories, Inc.\par
\par
All or some portions of this file are derived from material licensed\par
to the University of California by American Telephone and Telegraph\par
Co. or Unix System Laboratories, Inc. and are reproduced herein with\par
the permission of UNIX System Laboratories, Inc.\par
\par
This code is derived from software contributed to Berkeley by\par
Hugh Smith at The University of Guelph.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
    must display the following acknowledgement:\par
	This product includes software developed by the University of\par
	California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2003-2004, Artem B. Bityuckiy, SoftMine Corporation.\par
Rights transferred to Franklin Electronic Publishers.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006,\par
2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GNU Libtool is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO\par
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
GNU Libtool is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
\par
As a special exception to the GNU General Public License,\par
if you distribute this file as part of a program or library that\par
is built using GNU Libtool, you may include this file under the\par
same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.\par
\par
GNU Libtool is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GNU Libtool.  If not, a copy\par
can be downloaded from http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html,\par
or obtained by writing to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,\par
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
(C)Copyright 2001, 2006, 2007, 2008,                                         \par
International Business Machines Corporation,                    \par
Sony Computer Entertainment, Incorporated,                      \par
Toshiba Corporation,                                            \par
                                                                 \par
All Rights Reserved.                                            \par
                                                                 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or      \par
without modification, are permitted provided that the           \par
following conditions are met:                                   \par
                                                                 \par
- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
                                                                 \par
- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above       \par
  copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following   \par
  disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials        \par
  provided with the distribution.                               \par
                                                                 \par
- Neither the name of IBM Corporation nor the names of its      \par
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products       \par
  derived from this software without specific prior written     \par
  permission.                                                   \par
                                                                \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND          \par
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,     \par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF        \par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE        \par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR            \par
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,    \par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT    \par
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;    \par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)        \par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN       \par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR    \par
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,  \par
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.              \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Charles S. Wilson\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a\par
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),\par
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation\par
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,\par
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the\par
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL\par
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR\par
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,\par
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR\par
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996 Matthew R. Green\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,\par
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED\par
AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991 by AT&T.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice\par
is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy\par
or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting\par
documentation for such software.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTY.  IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY\par
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
COPYRIGHT (c) 1989-2010.\par
On-Line Applications Research Corporation (OAR).\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice\par
is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy\par
or modification of this software.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTY.  IN PARTICULAR,  THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION\par
OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998 Todd C. Miller <Todd.Miller@courtesan.com>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY\par
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL\par
THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\par
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;\par
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR\par
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF\par
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 Stephane Carrez (stcarrez@nerim.fr)	\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,\par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.\par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors\par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that\par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where\par
they apply.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001 Daniel Eischen <deischen@FreeBSD.org>.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,\par
2005  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without\par
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1997, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2008, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009  \par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2006 KPIT Cummins\par
Copyright (C) 2009 Conny Marco Menebracker\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms is permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and following paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms.\par
\par
This file is distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied\par
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
The author(s) grant permission for redistribution and use in source and\par
binary forms, with or without modification, of the software and documentation\par
provided that the following conditions are met:\par
0. If you receive a version of the software that is specifically labelled\par
    as not being for redistribution (check the version message and/or README),\par
    you are not permitted to redistribute that version of the software in any\par
    way or form.\par
1. All terms of the all other applicable copyrights and licenses must be\par
    followed.\par
2. Redistributions of source code must retain the authors' copyright\par
    notice(s), this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.\par
3. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the authors' copyright\par
    notice(s), this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
4. [The copyright holder has authorized the removal of this clause.]\par
5. Neither the name(s) of the author(s) nor the names of its contributors\par
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ITS AUTHORS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON\par
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
  If these license terms cause you a real problem, contact the author.  */\par
/* This software is Copyright 1996 by Craig Metz, All Rights Reserved.  */\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998-2001 by Lucent Technologies\par
All Rights Reserved\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and\par
its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby\par
granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all\par
copies and that both that the copyright notice and this\par
permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear in supporting\par
documentation, and that the name of Lucent or any of its entities\par
not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to\par
distribution of the software without specific, written prior\par
permission.\par
LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES\par
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER\par
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,\par
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF\par
THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997-2002 FreeBSD Project.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1987, 1988, 2000 Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
provided that: (1) source distributions retain this entire copyright\par
notice and comment, and (2) distributions including binaries display\par
the following acknowledgement:  ``This product includes software\par
developed by the University of California, Berkeley and its contributors''\par
in the documentation or other materials provided with the distribution\par
and in all advertising materials mentioning features or use of this\par
software. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its\par
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
(C) Copyright 2007 TOSHIBA CORPORATION\par
All Rights Reserved\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
* Neither the names of Toshiba nor the names of its\par
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
  software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,\par
2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without\par
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 2006 Pathway Connectivity\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software\par
is freely granted, provided that this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1995-1996 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler\par
This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied\par
warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages\par
arising from the use of this software.\par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\par
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it\par
freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not\par
    claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software\par
    in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be\par
    appreciated but is not required.\par
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
    misrepresented as being the original software.\par
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
 \par
 Jean-loup Gailly        Mark Adler\par
  gzip@prep.ai.mit.edu    madler@alumni.caltech.edu\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998, Larry Lile\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
For latest sources and information on this driver, please\par
go to http://anarchy.stdio.com.\par
\par
Questions, comments or suggestions should be directed to\par
Larry Lile <lile@stdio.com>.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice unmodified, this list of conditions, and the following\par
    disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1988, 1989, 1990, 1993 The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1980, 1983, 1985, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 2006\par
	The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001 Mike Barcroft <mike@FreeBSD.org>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2004 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
Written by Scott James Remnant, 2004\par
\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1999-2000 by Maksim Yevmenkin <m_evmenkin@yahoo.com>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996, 1997 by Andrey A. Chernov, Moscow, Russia.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998, 2000 Brian Somers <brian@Awfulhak.org>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999,2000,2001 Jonathan Lemon <jlemon@FreeBSD.org>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1991, 1993 DJ Delorie\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms is permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and following paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms.\par
\par
This file is distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied\par
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT COPYRIGHTED\par
   HP offers the following for use in the public domain.  HP makes no\par
   warranty with regard to the software or it's performance and the\par
   user accepts the software "AS IS" with all faults.\par
   HP DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD\par
   TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES\par
   OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under\par
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free\par
Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any later\par
version.\par
\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT\par
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License\par
for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GCC.  If not see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998, M. Warner Losh <imp@freebsd.org>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2008 by CodeSourcery, Inc.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software\par
is freely granted, provided that this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2004, 2005 by\par
Ralf Corsepius, Ulm/Germany. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software\par
is freely granted, provided that this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996 - 2002 FreeBSD Project\par
Copyright (c) 1991, 1993 The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
This code is derived from software contributed to Berkeley by\par
Paul Borman at Krystal Technologies.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Lattice Mico32 implementation of isatty system call.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1989 Carnegie Mellon University. \par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY AND\par
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE\par
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER\par
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR\par
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN\par
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2003-2004, Artem B. Bityuckiy\par
Copyright (c) 1999,2000, Konstantin Chuguev. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001 Alexey Zelkin <phantom@FreeBSD.org>\par
Copyright (c) 1997 FreeBSD Inc.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001, MagniComp\par
All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in \par
    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
3. Neither the name of the MagniComp nor the names of its contributors may\par
    be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission. \par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR\par
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE\par
USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2005, 2007 Shaun Jackman\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software\par
is freely granted, provided that this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993 Martin Birgmeier\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
You may redistribute unmodified or modified versions of this source\par
code provided that the above copyright notice and this and the\par
following conditions are retained.\par
\par
This software is provided ``as is'', and comes with no warranties\par
of any kind. I shall in no event be liable for anything that happens\par
to anyone/anything when using this software.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994 The Australian National University.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its\par
documentation is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright\par
notice appears in all copies.  This software is provided without any\par
warranty, express or implied. The Australian National University\par
makes no representations about the suitability of this software for\par
any purpose.\par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE TO ANY\par
PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF\par
THE AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY\par
OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
THE AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY\par
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS\par
ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY HAS NO\par
OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS,\par
OR MODIFICATIONS.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1997 Gregory Pietsch\par
This file and the accompanying getopt.c implementation file are hereby \par
placed in the public domain without restrictions.  Just give the author \par
credit, don't claim you wrote it or prevent anyone else from using it.\par
Gregory Pietsch's current e-mail address:\par
gpietsch@comcast.net\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2007 Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.\par
Copyright 2007 Sony Corp.\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
  * Neither the names of the copyright holders nor the names of their\par
    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
    software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Markus Kuhn -- 2007-05-26 (Unicode 5.0)\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software\par
for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted. The author\par
disclaims all warranties with regard to this software.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998, 1999, 2000 and 2001 WIDE Project.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the project nor the names of its contributors\par
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993 Daniel Boulet\par
Copyright (c) 1994 Ugen J.S.Antsilevich\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source forms, with and without modification,\par
are permitted provided that this entire comment appears intact.\par
\par
Redistribution in binary form may occur without any restrictions.\par
Obviously, it would be nice if you gave credit where credit is due\par
but requiring it would be too onerous.\par
\par
This software is provided ``AS IS'' without any warranties of any kind.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999 Kungliga Tekniska H\u246ogskolan\par
(Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden). \par
All rights reserved. \par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met: \par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
\par
3. Neither the name of KTH nor the names of its contributors may be\par
    used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
    specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR\par
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR\par
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF\par
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2003, Artem B. Bityuckiy (dedekind@mail.ru).\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the above copyright notice,\par
this condition statement, and the following disclaimer are retained\par
in any redistributions of the source code.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1994, 1995-8, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Makefile.in is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without\par
# even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\par
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1988, Julian Onions <jpo@cs.nott.ac.uk>\par
Nottingham University 1987.\par
\par
This source may be freely distributed, however I would be interested\par
in any changes that are made.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2007\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1994 Cronyx Ltd.\par
Author: Serge Vakulenko, <vak@cronyx.ru>\par
\par
Heavily revamped to conform to RFC 1661.\par
Copyright (C) 1997, Joerg Wunsch.\par
\par
This software is distributed with NO WARRANTIES, not even the implied\par
warranties for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
Authors grant any other persons or organizations permission to use\par
or modify this software as long as this message is kept with the software,\par
all derivative works or modified versions.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
OpenCV 2.4.3\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
IMPORTANT: READ BEFORE DOWNLOADING, COPYING, INSTALLING OR USING.\par
\par
 By downloading, copying, installing or using the software you agree to this license.\par
 If you do not agree to this license, do not download, install,\par
 copy or use the software.\par
\par
\par
                          \par
\par
License Agreement\par
 For Open Source Computer Vision Library\par
\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2000-2008, Intel Corporation, all rights reserved.\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2008-2011, Willow Garage Inc., all rights reserved.\par
\par
\par
Third party copyrights are property of their respective owners.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,\par
 are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
  \par
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
  \par
\par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
 this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
 and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
  \par
\par
* The name of the copyright holders may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
 derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
\par
\par
This software is provided by the copyright holders and contributors "as is" and \par
any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied\par
 warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. \par
In no event shall the Intel Corporation or contributors be liable for any direct,\par
indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages \par
(including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services;\par
loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused\par
and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability,\par
or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of\par
the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
JasPer License Version 2.0\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001-2006 Michael David Adams\par
Copyright (c) 1999-2000 Image Power, Inc.\par
Copyright (c) 1999-2000 The University of British Columbia\par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person (the\par
"User") obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
1.  The above copyright notices and this permission notice (which\par
includes the disclaimer below) shall be included in all copies or\par
substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
2.  The name of a copyright holder shall not be used to endorse or promote products derived from the Software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS\par
LICENSE.  NO USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND  NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL\par
INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.  NO ASSURANCES ARE PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS THAT THE SOFTWARE DOES NOT INFRINGE THE PATENT OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY OTHER ENTITY. EACH COPYRIGHT HOLDER DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY TO THE USER FOR CLAIMS BROUGHT BY ANY OTHER ENTITY BASED ON INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHERWISE.  AS A CONDITION TO EXERCISING THE RIGHTS\par
GRANTED HEREUNDER, EACH USER HEREBY ASSUMES SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO SECURE ANY OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS NEEDED, IF ANY.  THE SOFTWARE IS NOT FAULT-TOLERANT AND IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE IN MISSION-CRITICAL SYSTEMS, SUCH AS THOSE USED IN THE OPERATION OF NUCLEAR FACILITIES, AIRCRAFT NAVIGATION OR COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SYSTEMS, DIRECT LIFE SUPPORT MACHINES, OR WEAPONS SYSTEMS, IN WHICH THE FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE OR SYSTEM COULD LEAD DIRECTLY TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE ("HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES").  THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
This copy of the libpng notices is provided for your convenience.  In case of\par
any discrepancy between this copy and the notices in the file png.h that is\par
included in the libpng distribution, the latter shall prevail.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE:\par
\par
If you modify libpng you may insert additional notices immediately following\par
this sentence.\par
\par
This code is released under the libpng license.\par
\par
libpng versions 1.2.6, August 15, 2004, through 1.5.12, July 11, 2012, are\par
Copyright (c) 2004, 2006-2012 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are\par
distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-1.2.5\par
with the following individual added to the list of Contributing Authors\par
\par
   Cosmin Truta\par
\par
libpng versions 1.0.7, July 1, 2000, through 1.2.5 - October 3, 2002, are\par
Copyright (c) 2000-2002 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are\par
distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-1.0.6\par
with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors\par
\par
   Simon-Pierre Cadieux\par
   Eric S. Raymond\par
   Gilles Vollant\par
\par
and with the following additions to the disclaimer:\par
\par
   There is no warranty against interference with your enjoyment of the\par
   library or against infringement.  There is no warranty that our\par
   efforts or the library will fulfill any of your particular purposes\par
   or needs.  This library is provided with all faults, and the entire\par
   risk of satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy, and effort is with\par
   the user.\par
\par
libpng versions 0.97, January 1998, through 1.0.6, March 20, 2000, are\par
Copyright (c) 1998, 1999 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are\par
distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.96,\par
with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors:\par
\par
   Tom Lane\par
   Glenn Randers-Pehrson\par
   Willem van Schaik\par
\par
libpng versions 0.89, June 1996, through 0.96, May 1997, are\par
Copyright (c) 1996, 1997 Andreas Dilger\par
Distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.88,\par
with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors:\par
\par
   John Bowler\par
   Kevin Bracey\par
   Sam Bushell\par
   Magnus Holmgren\par
   Greg Roelofs\par
   Tom Tanner\par
\par
libpng versions 0.5, May 1995, through 0.88, January 1996, are\par
Copyright (c) 1995, 1996 Guy Eric Schalnat, Group 42, Inc.\par
\par
For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Contributing Authors"\par
is defined as the following set of individuals:\par
\par
   Andreas Dilger\par
   Dave Martindale\par
   Guy Eric Schalnat\par
   Paul Schmidt\par
   Tim Wegner\par
\par
The PNG Reference Library is supplied "AS IS".  The Contributing Authors\par
and Group 42, Inc. disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied,\par
including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability and of\par
fitness for any purpose.  The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc.\par
assume no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary,\par
or consequential damages, which may result from the use of the PNG\par
Reference Library, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
source code, or portions hereof, for any purpose, without fee, subject\par
to the following restrictions:\par
\par
1. The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented.\par
\par
2. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and must not\par
   be misrepresented as being the original source.\par
\par
3. This Copyright notice may not be removed or altered from any\par
   source or altered source distribution.\par
\par
The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. specifically permit, without\par
fee, and encourage the use of this source code as a component to\par
supporting the PNG file format in commercial products.  If you use this\par
source code in a product, acknowledgment is not required but would be\par
appreciated.\par
\par
\par
A "png_get_copyright" function is available, for convenient use in "about"\par
boxes and the like:\par
\par
   printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL));\par
\par
Also, the PNG logo (in PNG format, of course) is supplied in the\par
files "pngbar.png" and "pngbar.jpg (88x31) and "pngnow.png" (98x31).\par
\par
Libpng is OSI Certified Open Source Software.  OSI Certified Open Source is a\par
certification mark of the Open Source Initiative.\par
\par
Glenn Randers-Pehrson\par
glennrp at users.sourceforge.net\par
July 11, 2012\par
\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1988-1997 Sam Leffler\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1997 Silicon Graphics, Inc.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that (i) the above copyright notices and this permission notice appear in all copies of the software and related documentation, and (ii) the names of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics may not be used in any advertising or publicity relating to the software without the specific, prior written\par
permission of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  \par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR\par
ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006, Industrial Light & Magic, a division of Lucasfilm\par
Entertainment Company Ltd.  Portions contributed and copyright held by\par
others as indicated.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
met:\par
\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above\par
      copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following\par
      disclaimer.\par
\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above\par
      copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following\par
      disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with\par
      the distribution.\par
\par
    * Neither the name of Industrial Light & Magic nor the names of\par
      any other contributors to this software may be used to endorse or\par
      promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
      written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS\par
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR\par
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\par
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Sourcery CodeBench Lite for Xilinx Cortex-A9 (GNU/Linux)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
   MENTOR GRAPHICS IS WILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE ONLY UPON\par
   THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN\par
   THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT. PLEASE READ THE TERMS\par
   CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING ON "I accept the terms of the License\par
   Agreement", YOU WILL INDICATE YOUR AGREEMENT WITH THEM. IF\par
   YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY\par
   OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOUR ACCEPTANCE REPRESENTS THAT YOU\par
   HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY TO THESE TERMS, IN\par
   WHICH CASE "YOU" OR "YOUR" SHALL REFER TO YOUR ENTITY. IF YOU\par
   DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, OR IF YOU DO NOT HAVE THE\par
   AUTHORITY TO BIND YOUR ENTITY, THEN MENTOR GRAPHICS IS\par
   UNWILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE.\par
   Sourcery CodeBench Lite License Agreement\par
\par
   Sourcery CodeBench Lite for Xilinx GNU/Linux is licensed\par
   under the Mentor Graphics Embedded Software and Hardware\par
   License Agreement. If you have a separate signed or\par
   shrinkwrap agreement (as applicable) with Mentor Graphics\par
   related to your use of Sourcery CodeBench Lite, your order is\par
   subject to the terms of that agreement. If you do not, the\par
   following terms apply, unless otherwise specifically agreed\par
   to in writing by an authorized representative of Mentor\par
   Graphics. The terms of this Getting Started Guide supplement,\par
   but do not replace or amend, the terms of your separate\par
   agreement with Mentor Graphics. Accordingly, to the extent\par
   the following terms and conditions conflict with such\par
   separate agreement, the terms and conditions of the separate\par
   agreement shall control.\par
\par
   The latest version of the License Agreement is available\par
   on-line at .\par
\par
   MENTOR GRAPHICS IS WILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE ONLY UPON\par
   THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN\par
   THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT. PLEASE READ THE TERMS\par
   CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING ON "I accept the terms of the License\par
   Agreement", YOU WILL INDICATE YOUR AGREEMENT WITH THEM. IF\par
   YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY\par
   OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOUR ACCEPTANCE REPRESENTS THAT YOU\par
   HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY TO THESE TERMS, IN\par
   WHICH CASE "YOU" OR "YOUR" SHALL REFER TO YOUR ENTITY. IF YOU\par
   DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, OR IF YOU DO NOT HAVE THE\par
   AUTHORITY TO BIND YOUR ENTITY, THEN MENTOR GRAPHICS IS\par
   UNWILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE.\par
   Embedded Software and Hardware License Agreement IMPORTANT\par
   INFORMATION\par
\par
   USE OF ALL PRODUCTS IS SUBJECT TO LICENSE RESTRICTIONS.\par
   CAREFULLY READ THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT BEFORE USING THE\par
   PRODUCTS. USE OF PRODUCTS INDICATES CUSTOMER'S COMPLETE AND\par
   UNCONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET\par
   FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT. ANY ADDITIONAL OR DIFFERENT PURCHASE\par
   ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS SHALL NOT APPLY.\par
   EMBEDDED SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT\par
   ("Agreement")\par
\par
   This is a legal agreement concerning the use of Products (as\par
   defined in Section 1) between the company acquiring the\par
   Products ("Customer"), and the Mentor Graphics entity that\par
   issued the corresponding quotation or, if no quotation was\par
   issued, the applicable local Mentor Graphics entity ("Mentor\par
   Graphics"). Except for license agreements related to the\par
   subject matter of this license agreement which are physically\par
   signed by Customer and an authorized representative of Mentor\par
   Graphics, this Agreement and the applicable quotation contain\par
   the parties' entire understanding relating to the subject\par
   matter and supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements.\par
   If Customer does not agree to these terms and conditions,\par
   promptly return or, in the case of Products received\par
   electronically, certify destruction of Products and all\par
   accompanying items within five days after receipt of such\par
   Products and receive a full refund of any license fee paid.\par
    1. Definitions.\par
         1. "Customer's Product" means Customer's end-user\par
            product identified by a unique SKU (including any\par
            Related SKUs) in an applicable Addenda that is\par
            developed, manufactured, branded and shipped solely\par
            by Customer or an authorized manufacturer or\par
            subcontractor on behalf of Customer to end-users or\par
            consumers;\par
         2. "Developer" means a unique user, as identified by a\par
            unique user identification number, with access to\par
            Embedded Software at an authorized Development\par
            Location. A unique user is an individual who works\par
            directly with the embedded software in source code\par
            form, or creates, modifies or compiles software that\par
            ultimately links to the Embedded Software in Object\par
            Code form and is embedded into Customer's Product at\par
            the point of manufacture;\par
         3. "Development Location" means the location where\par
            Products may be used as authorized in the applicable\par
            Addenda;\par
         4. "Development Tools" means the software that may be\par
            used by Customer for building, editing, compiling,\par
            debugging or prototyping Customer's Product;\par
         5. "Embedded Software" means Software that is\par
            embeddable;\par
         6. "End-User" means Customer's customer;\par
         7. "Executable Code" means a compiled program\par
            translated into a machine-readable format that can\par
            be loaded into memory and run by a certain\par
            processor;\par
         8. "Hardware" means a physically tangible\par
            electro-mechanical system or sub-system and\par
            associated documentation;\par
         9. "Linkable Object Code" or "Object Code" means\par
            linkable code resulting from the translation,\par
            processing, or compiling of Source Code by a\par
            computer into machine-readable format;\par
        10. "Mentor Embedded Linux" or "MEL" means Mentor\par
            Graphics' tools, source code, and recipes for\par
            building Linux systems;\par
        11. "Open Source Software" or "OSS" means software\par
            subject to an open source license which requires as\par
            a condition for redistribution of such software,\par
            including modifications thereto, that the: (i)\par
            redistribution be in source code form or be made\par
            available in source code form; (ii) redistributed\par
            software be licensed to allow the making of\par
            derivative works; or (iii) redistribution be at no\par
            charge;\par
        12. "Processor" means the specific microprocessor to be\par
            used with Software and implemented in Customer's\par
            Product;\par
        13. "Products" means Software, Term-Licensed Products\par
            and/or Hardware;\par
        14. "Proprietary Components" means the components of the\par
            Products that are owned and/or licensed by Mentor\par
            Graphics and are not subject to an Open Source\par
            Software license, as more fully set forth in the\par
            product documentation provided with the Products;\par
        15. "Redistributable Components" means those components\par
            that are intended to be incorporated or linked into\par
            Customer's Linkable Object Code developed with the\par
            Software, as more fully set forth in the\par
            documentation provided with the Products;\par
        16. "Related SKU" means two or more Customer Products\par
            identified by logically-related SKUs, where there is\par
            no difference or change in the electrical hardware\par
            or software content between such Customer Products;\par
        17. "Software" means software programs, Embedded\par
            Software and/or Development Tools, including any\par
            updates, modifications, revisions, copies,\par
            documentation and design data that are licensed\par
            under this Agreement;\par
        18. "Source Code" means software in a form in which the\par
            program logic is readily understandable by a human\par
            being;\par
        19. "Sourcery CodeBench Software" means Mentor Graphics'\par
            Development Tool for C/C++ embedded application\par
            development;\par
        20. "Sourcery VSIPL++" is Software providing C++ classes\par
            and functions for writing embedded signal processing\par
            applications designed to run on one or more\par
            processors;\par
        21. "Stock Keeping Unit" or "SKU" is a unique number or\par
            code used to identify each distinct product, item or\par
            service available for purchase;\par
        22. "Subsidiary" means any corporation more than 50%\par
            owned by Customer, excluding Mentor Graphics\par
            competitors. Customer agrees to fulfill the\par
            obligations of such Subsidiary in the event of\par
            default. To the extent Mentor Graphics authorizes\par
            any Subsidiary's use of Products under this\par
            Agreement, Customer agrees to ensure such\par
            Subsidiary's compliance with the terms of this\par
            Agreement and will be liable for any breach by a\par
            Subsidiary; and\par
        23. "Term-Licensed Products" means Products licensed to\par
            Customer for a limited time period ("Term").\par
    2. Orders, Fees and Payment.\par
         1. To the extent Customer (or if agreed by Mentor\par
            Graphics, Customer's appointed third party buying\par
            agent) places and Mentor Graphics accepts purchase\par
            orders pursuant to this Agreement ("Order(s)"), each\par
            Order will constitute a contract between Customer\par
            and Mentor Graphics, which shall be governed solely\par
            and exclusively by the terms and conditions of this\par
            Agreement and any applicable Addenda, whether or not\par
            these documents are referenced on the Order. Any\par
            additional or conflicting terms and conditions\par
            appearing on an Order will not be effective unless\par
            agreed in writing by an authorized representative of\par
            Customer and Mentor Graphics.\par
         2. Amounts invoiced will be paid, in the currency\par
            specified on the applicable invoice, within 30 days\par
            from the date of such invoice. All invoices will be\par
            sent electronically to Customer on the date stated\par
            on the invoice unless otherwise specified in an\par
            Addendum. Any past due invoices will be subject to\par
            the imposition of interest charges in the amount of\par
            one and one-half percent per month or the applicable\par
            legal rate currently in effect, whichever is lower.\par
            Prices do not include freight, insurance, customs\par
            duties, taxes or other similar charges, which Mentor\par
            Graphics will state separately in the applicable\par
            invoice(s). Unless timely provided with a valid\par
            certificate of exemption or other evidence that\par
            items are not taxable, Mentor Graphics will invoice\par
            Customer for all applicable taxes including, but not\par
            limited to, VAT, GST, sales tax, consumption tax and\par
            service tax. Customer will make all payments free\par
            and clear of, and without reduction for, any\par
            withholding or other taxes; any such taxes imposed\par
            on payments by Customer hereunder will be Customer's\par
            sole responsibility. If Customer appoints a third\par
            party to place purchase orders and/or make payments\par
            on Customer's behalf, Customer shall be liable for\par
            payment under Orders placed by such third party in\par
            the event of default.\par
         3. All Products are delivered FCA factory (Incoterms\par
            2010), freight prepaid and invoiced to Customer,\par
            except Software delivered electronically, which\par
            shall be deemed delivered when made available to\par
            Customer for download. Mentor Graphics' delivery of\par
            Software by electronic means is subject to\par
            Customer's provision of both a primary and an\par
            alternate e-mail address.\par
    3. Grant of License.\par
         1. The Products installed, downloaded, or otherwise\par
            acquired by Customer under this Agreement constitute\par
            or contain copyrighted, trade secret, proprietary\par
            and confidential information of Mentor Graphics or\par
            its licensors, who maintain exclusive title to all\par
            Software and retain all rights not expressly granted\par
            by this Agreement. Mentor Graphics grants to\par
            Customer, subject to payment of applicable license\par
            fees, a nontransferable, nonexclusive license to use\par
            Software as described in the applicable Addenda. The\par
            limited licenses granted under the applicable\par
            Addenda shall continue until the expiration date of\par
            Term-Licensed Products or termination in accordance\par
            with Section 12 below, whichever occurs first.\par
            Mentor Graphics does NOT grant Customer any right to\par
            (a) sublicense or (b) use Software beyond the scope\par
            of this Section without first signing a separate\par
            agreement or Addenda with Mentor Graphics for such\par
            purpose.\par
         2. License Type. The license type shall be identified\par
            in the applicable Addenda.\par
              1. Development License: During the Term, if any,\par
                 Customer may modify, compile, assemble and\par
                 convert the applicable Embedded Software Source\par
                 Code into Linkable Object Code and/or\par
                 Executable Code form by the number of\par
                 Developers specified, for the Processor(s),\par
                 Customer's Product(s) and at the Development\par
                 Location(s) identified in the applicable\par
                 Addenda.\par
              2. End-User Product License: During the Term, if\par
                 any, and unless otherwise specified in the\par
                 applicable Addenda, Customer may incorporate or\par
                 embed an Executable Code version of the\par
                 Embedded Software into the specified number of\par
                 copies of Customer's Product(s), using the\par
                 Processor Unit(s), and at the Development\par
                 Location(s) identified in the applicable\par
                 Addenda. Customer may manufacture, brand and\par
                 distribute such Customer's Product(s) worldwide\par
                 to its End-Users.\par
              3. Internal Tool License: During the Term, if any,\par
                 Customer may use the Development Tools solely:\par
                 (a) for internal business purposes and (b) on\par
                 the specified number of computer work stations\par
                 and sites. Development Tools are licensed on a\par
                 per-seat or floating basis, as specified in the\par
                 applicable Addenda, and shall not be\par
                 distributed to others or delivered in\par
                 Customer's Product(s) unless specifically\par
                 authorized in an applicable Addenda.\par
              4. Sourcery CodeBench Professional Edition\par
                 License: During the Term specified in the\par
                 applicable Addenda, Customer may (a) install\par
                 and use the Proprietary Components of the\par
                 Software (i) if the license is a node-locked\par
                 license, by a single user who uses the Software\par
                 on up to two machines provided that only one\par
                 copy of the Software is in use at any one time,\par
                 or (ii) if the license is a floating license,\par
                 by the authorized number of concurrent users on\par
                 one or more machines provided that only the\par
                 authorized number of copies of the Software are\par
                 in use at any one time, and (b) distribute the\par
                 Redistributable Components of the Software in\par
                 Executable Code form only and only as part of\par
                 Customer's Object Code developed with the\par
                 Software that provides substantially different\par
                 functionality than the Redistributable\par
                 Component(s) alone.\par
              5. Sourcery CodeBench Standard Edition License:\par
                 During the Term specified in the applicable\par
                 Addenda, Customer may (a) install and use the\par
                 Proprietary Components of the Software by a\par
                 single user who uses the Software on up to two\par
                 machines provided that only one copy of the\par
                 Software is in use at any one time, and (b)\par
                 distribute the Redistributable Component(s) of\par
                 the Software in Executable Code form only and\par
                 only as part of Customer's Object Code\par
                 developed with the Software that provides\par
                 substantially different functionality than the\par
                 Redistributable Component(s) alone.\par
              6. Sourcery CodeBench Personal Edition License:\par
                 During the Term specified in the applicable\par
                 Addenda, Customer may (a) install and use the\par
                 Proprietary Components of the Software by a\par
                 single user who uses the Software on one\par
                 machine, and (b) distribute the Redistributable\par
                 Component(s) of the Software in Executable Code\par
                 form only and only as part of Customer Object\par
                 Code developed with the Software that provides\par
                 substantially different functionality than the\par
                 Redistributable Component(s) alone.\par
              7. Sourcery CodeBench Academic Edition License:\par
                 During the Term specified in the applicable\par
                 Addenda, Customer may (a) install and use the\par
                 Proprietary Components of the Software for\par
                 non-commercial, academic purposes only by a\par
                 single user who uses the Software on one\par
                 machine, and (b) distribute the Redistributable\par
                 Component(s) of the Software in Executable Code\par
                 form only and only as part of Customer Object\par
                 Code developed with the Software that provides\par
                 substantially different functionality than the\par
                 Redistributable Component(s) alone.\par
         3. Mentor Graphics may from time to time, in its sole\par
            discretion, lend Products to Customer. For each\par
            loan, Mentor Graphics will identify in writing the\par
            quantity and description of Software loaned, the\par
            authorized location and the Term of the loan. Mentor\par
            Graphics will grant to Customer a temporary license\par
            to use the loaned Software solely for Customer's\par
            internal evaluation in a non-production environment.\par
            Customer shall return to Mentor Graphics or delete\par
            and destroy loaned Software on or before the\par
            expiration of the loan Term. Customer will sign a\par
            certification of such deletion or destruction if\par
            requested by Mentor Graphics.\par
    4. Beta Code.\par
         1. Portions or all of certain Products may contain code\par
            for experimental testing and evaluation ("Beta\par
            Code"), which may not be used without Mentor\par
            Graphics' explicit authorization. Upon Mentor\par
            Graphics' authorization, Mentor Graphics grants to\par
            Customer a temporary, nontransferable, nonexclusive\par
            license for experimental use to test and evaluate\par
            the Beta Code without charge for a limited period of\par
            time specified by Mentor Graphics. This grant and\par
            Customer's use of the Beta Code shall not be\par
            construed as marketing or offering to sell a license\par
            to the Beta Code, which Mentor Graphics may choose\par
            not to release commercially in any form.\par
         2. If Mentor Graphics authorizes Customer to use the\par
            Beta Code, Customer agrees to evaluate and test the\par
            Beta Code under normal conditions as directed by\par
            Mentor Graphics. Customer will contact Mentor\par
            Graphics periodically during Customer's use of the\par
            Beta Code to discuss any malfunctions or suggested\par
            improvements. Upon completion of Customer's\par
            evaluation and testing, Customer will send to Mentor\par
            Graphics a written evaluation of the Beta Code,\par
            including its strengths, weaknesses and recommended\par
            improvements.\par
         3. Customer agrees to maintain Beta Code in confidence\par
            and shall restrict access to the Beta Code,\par
            including the methods and concepts utilized therein,\par
            solely to those employees and Customer location(s)\par
            authorized by Mentor Graphics to perform beta\par
            testing. Customer agrees that any written\par
            evaluations and all inventions, product\par
            improvements, modifications or developments that\par
            Mentor Graphics conceived or made during or\par
            subsequent to this Agreement, including those based\par
            partly or wholly on Customer's feedback, will be the\par
            exclusive property of Mentor Graphics. Mentor\par
            Graphics will have exclusive rights, title and\par
            interest in all such property. The provisions of\par
            this Subsection 4.3 shall survive termination of\par
            this Agreement.\par
    5. Restrictions on Use.\par
         1. Customer may copy Software only as reasonably\par
            necessary to support the authorized use, including\par
            archival and backup purposes. Each copy must include\par
            all notices and legends embedded in Software and\par
            affixed to its medium and container as received from\par
            Mentor Graphics. All copies shall remain the\par
            property of Mentor Graphics or its licensors. Except\par
            where embedded in Executable Code form in Customer's\par
            Product, Customer shall maintain a record of the\par
            number and location of all copies of Software,\par
            including copies merged with other software and\par
            products, and shall make those records available to\par
            Mentor Graphics upon request. Customer shall not\par
            make Products available in any form to any person\par
            other than Customer's employees, authorized\par
            manufacturers or authorized contractors, excluding\par
            Mentor Graphics competitors, whose job performance\par
            requires access and who are under obligations of\par
            confidentiality. Customer shall take appropriate\par
            action to protect the confidentiality of Products\par
            and ensure that any person permitted access does not\par
            disclose or use Products except as permitted by this\par
            Agreement. Customer shall give Mentor Graphics\par
            immediate written notice of any unauthorized\par
            disclosure or use of the Products as soon as\par
            Customer learns or becomes aware of such\par
            unauthorized disclosure or use.\par
         2. Customer acknowledges that the Products provided\par
            hereunder may contain Source Code which is\par
            proprietary and its confidentiality is of the\par
            highest importance and value to Mentor Graphics.\par
            Customer acknowledges that Mentor Graphics may be\par
            seriously harmed if such Source Code is disclosed in\par
            violation of this Agreement. Except as otherwise\par
            permitted for purposes of interoperability as\par
            specified by applicable and mandatory local law,\par
            Customer shall not reverse-assemble,\par
            reverse-compile, reverse-engineer or in any way\par
            derive any Source Code from Products that are not\par
            provided in Source Code form. Except as embedded in\par
            Executable Code in Customer's Product and\par
            distributed in the ordinary course of business, in\par
            no event shall Customer provide Products to Mentor\par
            Graphics competitors. Log files, data files, rule\par
            files and script files generated by or for the\par
            Software (collectively "Files") constitute and/or\par
            include confidential information of Mentor Graphics.\par
            Customer may share Files with third parties,\par
            excluding Mentor Graphics competitors, provided that\par
            the confidentiality of such Files is protected by\par
            written agreement at least as well as Customer\par
            protects other information of a similar nature or\par
            importance, but in any case with at least reasonable\par
            care. Under no circumstances shall Customer use\par
            Products or allow their use for the purpose of\par
            developing, enhancing or marketing any product that\par
            is in any way competitive with Products, or disclose\par
            to any third party the results of, or information\par
            pertaining to, any benchmark.\par
         3. Customer may not assign this Agreement or the rights\par
            and duties under it, or relocate, sublicense or\par
            otherwise transfer the Products, whether by\par
            operation of law or otherwise ("Attempted\par
            Transfer"), without Mentor Graphics' prior written\par
            consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld,\par
            and payment of Mentor Graphics' then-current\par
            applicable relocation and/or transfer fees. Any\par
            Attempted Transfer without Mentor Graphics' prior\par
            written consent shall be a material breach of this\par
            Agreement and may, at Mentor Graphics' option,\par
            result in the immediate termination of the Agreement\par
            and/or the licenses granted under this Agreement.\par
            The terms of this Agreement, including without\par
            limitation the licensing and assignment provisions,\par
            shall be binding upon Customer's permitted\par
            successors in interest and assigns.\par
         4. Notwithstanding any provision in an OSS license\par
            agreement applicable to a component of the Sourcery\par
            CodeBench Software that permits the redistribution\par
            of such component to a third party in Source Code or\par
            binary form, Customer may not use any Mentor\par
            Graphics trademark, whether registered or\par
            unregistered, in connection with such distribution,\par
            and may not recompile the Open Source Software\par
            components with the --with-pkgversion or\par
            --with-bugurl configuration options that embed\par
            Mentor Graphics' trademarks in the resulting binary.\par
         5. The provisions of this Section 5 shall survive the\par
            termination of this Agreement.\par
    6. Support Services.\par
         1. Except as described in Sections 6.2, 6.3 and 6.4\par
            below, and unless otherwise specified in any\par
            applicable Addenda to this Agreement, to the extent\par
            Customer purchases support services, Mentor Graphics\par
            will provide Customer updates and technical support\par
            for the number of Developers at the Development\par
            Location(s) for which support is purchased in\par
            accordance with Mentor Graphics' then-current\par
            End-User Software Support Terms located at .\par
         2. To the extent Customer purchases support services\par
            for Sourcery CodeBench Software, support will be\par
            provided solely in accordance with the provisions of\par
            this Section 6.2. Mentor Graphics shall provide\par
            updates and technical support to Customer as\par
            described herein only on the condition that Customer\par
            uses the Executable Code form of the Sourcery\par
            CodeBench Software for internal use only and/or\par
            distributes the Redistributable Components in\par
            Executable Code form only (except as provided in a\par
            separate redistribution agreement with Mentor\par
            Graphics or as required by the applicable Open\par
            Source license). Any other distribution by Customer\par
            of the Sourcery CodeBench Software (or any component\par
            thereof) in any form, including distribution\par
            permitted by the applicable Open Source license,\par
            shall automatically terminate any remaining support\par
            term. Subject to the foregoing and the payment of\par
            support fees, Mentor Graphics will provide Customer\par
            updates and technical support for the number of\par
            Developers at the Development Location(s) for which\par
            support is purchased in accordance with Mentor\par
            Graphics' then-current Sourcery CodeBench Software\par
            Support Terms located at .\par
         3. To the extent Customer purchases support services\par
            for Sourcery VSIPL++, Mentor Graphics will provide\par
            Customer updates and technical support for the\par
            number of Developers at the Development Location(s)\par
            for which support is purchased solely in accordance\par
            with Mentor Graphics' then-current Sourcery VSIPL++\par
            Support Terms located at. .\par
         4. To the extent Customer purchases support services\par
            for Mentor Embedded Linux, Mentor Graphics will\par
            provide Customer updates and technical support for\par
            the number of Developers at the Development\par
            Location(s) for which support is purchased solely in\par
            accordance with Mentor Graphics' then-current Mentor\par
            Embedded Linux Support Terms located at .\par
    7. Third Party and Open Source Software. Products may\par
       contain Open Source Software or code distributed under a\par
       proprietary third party license agreement. Please see\par
       applicable Products documentation, including but not\par
       limited to license notice files, header files or source\par
       code for further details. Please see the applicable Open\par
       Source Software license(s) for additional rights and\par
       obligations governing your use and distribution of Open\par
       Source Software. Customer agrees that it shall not\par
       subject any Product provided by Mentor Graphics under\par
       this Agreement to any Open Source Software license that\par
       does not otherwise apply to such Product. In the event of\par
       conflict between the terms of this Agreement, any Addenda\par
       and an applicable OSS or proprietary third party\par
       agreement, the OSS or proprietary third party agreement\par
       will control solely with respect to the OSS or\par
       proprietary third party software component. The\par
       provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the\par
       termination of this Agreement.\par
    8. Limited Warranty.\par
         1. Mentor Graphics warrants that during the warranty\par
            period its standard, generally supported Products,\par
            when properly installed, will substantially conform\par
            to the functional specifications set forth in the\par
            applicable user manual and/or specification. Mentor\par
            Graphics does not warrant that Products will meet\par
            Customer's requirements or that operation of\par
            Products will be uninterrupted or error free. The\par
            warranty period is 90 days starting on the 15th day\par
            after delivery or upon installation, whichever first\par
            occurs. Customer must notify Mentor Graphics in\par
            writing of any nonconformity within the warranty\par
            period. For the avoidance of doubt, this warranty\par
            applies only to the initial shipment of Products\par
            under an Order and does not renew or reset, for\par
            example, with the delivery of (a) Software updates\par
            or (b) authorization codes. This warranty shall not\par
            be valid if Products have been subject to misuse,\par
            unauthorized modification or improper installation.\par
            MENTOR GRAPHICS' ENTIRE LIABILITY AND CUSTOMER'S\par
            EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SHALL BE, AT MENTOR GRAPHICS'\par
            OPTION, EITHER (A) REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID UPON\par
            RETURN OF THE PRODUCTS TO MENTOR GRAPHICS OR (B)\par
            MODIFICATION OR REPLACEMENT OF THE PRODUCTS THAT DO\par
            NOT MEET THIS LIMITED WARRANTY, PROVIDED CUSTOMER\par
            HAS OTHERWISE COMPLIED WITH THIS AGREEMENT. MENTOR\par
            GRAPHICS MAKES NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO: (A)\par
            SERVICES; OR (B) PRODUCTS PROVIDED AT NO CHARGE,\par
            WHICH ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" UNLESS OTHERWISE AGREED\par
            IN WRITING.\par
         2. THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 8 ARE\par
            EXCLUSIVE TO CUSTOMER AND DO NOT APPLY TO ANY\par
            END-USER. NEITHER MENTOR GRAPHICS NOR ITS LICENSORS\par
            MAKE ANY OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR\par
            STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO PRODUCTS OR OTHER\par
            MATERIAL PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. MENTOR\par
            GRAPHICS AND ITS LICENSORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL\par
            IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A\par
            PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF\par
            INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.\par
    9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. EXCEPT WHERE THIS EXCLUSION OR\par
       RESTRICTION OF LIABILITY WOULD BE VOID OR INEFFECTIVE\par
       UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, AND EXCEPT FOR EITHER PARTY'S\par
       BREACH OF ITS CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS, CUSTOMER'S\par
       BREACH OF LICENSING TERMS OR CUSTOMER'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER\par
       SECTION 10, IN NO EVENT SHALL: (A) EITHER PARTY OR ITS\par
       RESPECTIVE LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL,\par
       INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST\par
       PROFITS OR SAVINGS) WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR\par
       ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY OR ITS\par
       LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH\par
       DAMAGES; AND (B) EITHER PARTY OR ITS RESPECTIVE\par
       LICENSORS' LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, FOR\par
       THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, LIABILITY FOR ATTORNEYS' FEES OR\par
       COSTS, EXCEED THE GREATER OF THE FEES PAID OR OWING TO\par
       MENTOR GRAPHICS FOR THE PRODUCT OR SERVICE GIVING RISE TO\par
       THE CLAIM OR $500,000 (FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S.\par
       DOLLARS). NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, IN THE CASE\par
       WHERE NO AMOUNT WAS PAID, MENTOR GRAPHICS AND ITS\par
       LICENSORS SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES\par
       WHATSOEVER. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 9 SHALL\par
       SURVIVE THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT.\par
   10. Hazardous Applications.\par
         1. Customer agrees that Mentor Graphics has no control\par
            over Customer's testing or the specific applications\par
            and use that Customer will make of Products. Mentor\par
            Graphics Products are not specifically designed for\par
            use in the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft\par
            navigation or communications systems, air traffic\par
            control, life support systems, medical devices or\par
            other applications in which the failure of Mentor\par
            Graphics Products could lead to death, personal\par
            injury, or severe physical or environmental damage\par
            ("Hazardous Applications").\par
         2. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES IT IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR\par
            TESTING PRODUCTS USED IN HAZARDOUS APPLICATIONS AND\par
            SHALL BE SOLELY LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING\par
            FROM SUCH USE. NEITHER MENTOR GRAPHICS NOR ITS\par
            LICENSORS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING\par
            FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF PRODUCTS IN\par
            ANY HAZARDOUS APPLICATIONS.\par
         3. CUSTOMER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS\par
            MENTOR GRAPHICS AND ITS LICENSORS FROM ANY CLAIMS,\par
            LOSS, COST, DAMAGE, EXPENSE OR LIABILITY, INCLUDING\par
            REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN\par
            CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF PRODUCTS AS DESCRIBED IN\par
            SECTION 10.1.\par
         4. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 10 SHALL SURVIVE THE\par
            TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT.\par
   11. Infringement.\par
         1. Mentor Graphics will defend or settle, at its option\par
            and expense, any action brought against Customer in\par
            the United States, Canada, Japan, or member state of\par
            the European Union which alleges that any standard,\par
            generally supported Product acquired by Customer\par
            hereunder infringes a patent or copyright or\par
            misappropriates a trade secret in such jurisdiction.\par
            Mentor Graphics will pay any costs and damages\par
            finally awarded against Customer that are\par
            attributable to the action. Customer understands and\par
            agrees that as conditions to Mentor Graphics'\par
            obligations under this section Customer must: (a)\par
            notify Mentor Graphics promptly in writing of the\par
            action; (b) provide Mentor Graphics all reasonable\par
            information and assistance to settle or defend the\par
            action; and (c) grant Mentor Graphics sole authority\par
            and control of the defense or settlement of the\par
            action.\par
         2. If a claim is made under Subsection 11.1 Mentor\par
            Graphics may, at its option and expense, and in\par
            addition to its obligations under Section 11.1,\par
            either (a) replace or modify the Product so that it\par
            becomes noninfringing; or (b) procure for Customer\par
            the right to continue using the Product. If Mentor\par
            Graphics determines that neither of those\par
            alternatives is financially practical or otherwise\par
            reasonably available, Mentor Graphics may require\par
            the return of the Product and refund to Customer any\par
            purchase price or license fee(s) paid.\par
         3. Mentor Graphics has no liability to Customer if the\par
            claim is based upon: (a) the combination of the\par
            Product with any product not furnished by Mentor\par
            Graphics, where the Product itself is not\par
            infringing; (b) the modification of the Product\par
            other than by Mentor Graphics or as directed by\par
            Mentor Graphics, where the unmodified Product would\par
            not infringe; (c) the use of the infringing Product\par
            when Mentor Graphics has provided Customer with a\par
            current unaltered release of a non-infringing\par
            Product of substantially similar functionality in\par
            accordance with Subsection 11.2(a); (d) the use of\par
            the Product as part of an infringing process; (e) a\par
            product that Customer makes, uses, or sells, where\par
            the Product itself is not infringing; (f) any\par
            Product provided at no charge; (g) any software\par
            provided by Mentor Graphics' licensors who do not\par
            provide such indemnification to Mentor Graphics'\par
            customers; (h) Open Source Software, except to the\par
            extent that the infringement is directly caused by\par
            Mentor Graphics' modifications to such Open Source\par
            Software; or (i) infringement by Customer that is\par
            deemed willful. In the case of (i), Customer shall\par
            reimburse Mentor Graphics for its reasonable\par
            attorneys' fees and other costs related to the\par
            action.\par
         4. THIS SECTION 11 IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 9 ABOVE AND\par
            STATES: (A) THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF MENTOR GRAPHICS\par
            AND ITS LICENSORS AND (B) CUSTOMER'S SOLE AND\par
            EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, WITH RESPECT TO ANY ALLEGED PATENT\par
            OR COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT OR TRADE SECRET\par
            MISAPPROPRIATION BY ANY PRODUCT PROVIDED UNDER THIS\par
            AGREEMENT.\par
   12. Termination and Effect of Termination. If a Software\par
       license was provided for limited term use, such license\par
       will automatically terminate at the end of the authorized\par
       Term.\par
         1. Termination for Breach. This Agreement shall remain\par
            in effect until terminated in accordance with its\par
            terms. Mentor Graphics may terminate this Agreement\par
            and/or any licenses granted under this Agreement,\par
            and Customer will immediately discontinue use and\par
            distribution of Products, if Customer (a) commits\par
            any material breach of any provision of this\par
            Agreement and fails to cure such breach upon 30-days\par
            prior written notice; or (b) becomes insolvent,\par
            files a bankruptcy petition, institutes proceedings\par
            for liquidation or winding up or enters into an\par
            agreement to assign its assets for the benefit of\par
            creditors. Termination of this Agreement or any\par
            license granted hereunder will not affect Customer's\par
            obligation to pay for Products shipped or licenses\par
            granted prior to the termination, which amounts\par
            shall be payable immediately upon the date of\par
            termination. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in\par
            this Section 12 shall be construed to prevent Mentor\par
            Graphics from seeking immediate injunctive relief in\par
            the event of any threatened or actual breach of\par
            Customer's obligations hereunder.\par
         2. Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this\par
            Agreement, the rights and obligations of the parties\par
            shall cease except as expressly set forth in this\par
            Agreement. Upon termination or expiration of the\par
            Term, Customer will discontinue use and/or\par
            distribution of Products, and shall return Hardware\par
            and either return to Mentor Graphics or destroy\par
            Software in Customer's possession, including all\par
            copies and documentation, and certify in writing to\par
            Mentor Graphics within ten business days of the\par
            termination date that Customer no longer possesses\par
            any of the affected Products or copies of Software\par
            in any form, except to the extent an Open Source\par
            Software license conflicts with this Section 12.2\par
            and permits Customer's continued use of any Open\par
            Source Software portion or component of a Product.\par
            Upon termination for Customer's breach, an End-User\par
            may continue its use and/or distribution of\par
            Customer's Product so long as: (a) the End-User was\par
            licensed according to the terms of this Agreement,\par
            if applicable to such End-User, and (b) such\par
            End-User is not in breach of its agreement, if\par
            applicable, nor a party to Customer's breach.\par
   13. Export. The Products provided hereunder are subject to\par
       regulation by local laws and United States government\par
       agencies, which prohibit export or diversion of certain\par
       products, information about the products, and direct or\par
       indirect products thereof, to certain countries and\par
       certain persons. Customer agrees that it will not export\par
       Products in any manner without first obtaining all\par
       necessary approval from appropriate local and United\par
       States government agencies. Customer acknowledges that\par
       the regulation of product export is in continuous\par
       modification by local governments and/or the United\par
       States Congress and administrative agencies. Customer\par
       agrees to complete all documents and to meet all\par
       requirements arising out of such modifications.\par
   14. U.S. Government License Rights. Software was developed\par
       entirely at private expense. All Software is commercial\par
       computer software within the meaning of the applicable\par
       acquisition regulations. Accordingly, pursuant to US FAR\par
       48 CFR 12.212 and DFAR 48 CFR 227.7202, use, duplication\par
       and disclosure of the Software by or for the U.S.\par
       Government or a U.S. Government subcontractor is subject\par
       solely to the terms and conditions set forth in this\par
       Agreement, except for provisions which are contrary to\par
       applicable mandatory federal laws.\par
   15. Third Party Beneficiary. For any Products licensed under\par
       this Agreement and provided by Customer to End-Users,\par
       Mentor Graphics or the applicable licensor is a third\par
       party beneficiary of the agreement between Customer and\par
       End-User. Mentor Graphics Corporation, Mentor Graphics\par
       (Ireland) Limited, and other licensors may be third party\par
       beneficiaries of this Agreement with the right to enforce\par
       the obligations set forth herein.\par
   16. Review of License Usage. Customer will monitor the access\par
       to and use of Software. With prior written notice, during\par
       Customer's normal business hours, and no more frequently\par
       than once per calendar year, Mentor Graphics may engage\par
       an internationally recognized accounting firm to review\par
       Customer's software monitoring system, records, accounts\par
       and sublicensing documents deemed relevant by the\par
       internationally recognized accounting firm to confirm\par
       Customer's compliance with the terms of this Agreement or\par
       U.S. or other local export laws. Such review may include\par
       FlexNet (or successor product) report log files that\par
       Customer shall capture and provide at Mentor Graphics'\par
       request. Customer shall make records available in\par
       electronic format and shall fully cooperate with data\par
       gathering to support the license review. Mentor Graphics\par
       shall bear the expense of any such review unless a\par
       material non-compliance is revealed. Mentor Graphics\par
       shall treat as confidential information all Customer\par
       information gained as a result of any request or review\par
       and shall only use or disclose such information as\par
       required by law or to enforce its rights under this\par
       Agreement. Such license review shall be at Mentor\par
       Graphics' expense unless it reveals a material\par
       underpayment of fees of five percent or more, in which\par
       case Customer shall reimburse Mentor Graphics for the\par
       costs of such license review. Customer shall promptly pay\par
       any such fees. If the license review reveals that\par
       Customer has made an overpayment, Mentor Graphics has the\par
       option to either provide the Customer with a refund or\par
       credit the amount overpaid to Customer's next payment.\par
       The provisions of this Section 16 shall survive the\par
       termination of this Agreement.\par
   17. Controlling Law, Jurisdiction and Dispute Resolution.\par
       This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under\par
       the laws of the State of California, USA, excluding\par
       choice of law rules. All disputes arising out of or in\par
       relation to this Agreement shall be submitted to the\par
       exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of\par
       California, USA. Nothing in this section shall restrict\par
       Mentor Graphics' right to bring an action (including for\par
       example a motion for injunctive relief) against Customer\par
       or its Subsidiary in the jurisdiction where Customer's or\par
       its Subsidiary's place of business is located. The United\par
       Nations Convention on Contracts for the International\par
       Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement.\par
   18. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held\par
       by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void, invalid,\par
       unenforceable or illegal, such provision shall be severed\par
       from this Agreement and the remaining provisions will\par
       remain in full force and effect.\par
   19. Miscellaneous. This Agreement contains the parties'\par
       entire understanding relating to its subject matter and\par
       supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements,\par
       including but not limited to any purchase order terms and\par
       conditions. This Agreement may only be modified in\par
       writing, signed by an authorized representative of each\par
       party. Waiver of terms or excuse of breach must be in\par
       writing and shall not constitute subsequent consent,\par
       waiver or excuse.\par
\par
   Rev. 120305, Part No. 252061\par
\par
\par
Appendix B \par
Sourcery CodeBench Lite \par
Licenses \par
\par
Sourcery CodeBench Lite contains software provided under a variety of licenses. Some \par
components are "free" or "open source" software, while other components are proprietary. \par
This appendix explains what licenses apply to your use of Sourcery CodeBench Lite. You \par
should read this appendix to understand your legal rights and obligations as a user of \par
Sourcery CodeBench Lite. \par
\par
\par
The Mentor Graphics License is available in Section B.1, "Sourcery CodeBench Lite License \par
Agreement". \par
\par
B.1. Sourcery CodeBench Lite License Agreement \par
Sourcery CodeBench Lite for Xilinx GNU/Linux is licensed under the Mentor Graphics Embedded \par
Software and Hardware License Agreement. If you have a separate signed or shrinkwrap agreement \par
(as applicable) with Mentor Graphics related to your use of Sourcery CodeBench Lite, your order \par
is subject to the terms of that agreement. If you do not, the following terms apply, unless otherwise \par
specifically agreed to in writing by an authorized representative of Mentor Graphics. The terms of \par
this Getting Started Guide supplement, but do not replace or amend, the terms of your separate \par
agreement with Mentor Graphics. Accordingly, to the extent the following terms and conditions \par
conflict with such separate agreement, the terms and conditions of the separate agreement shall \par
control. \par
\par
The latest version of the License Agreement is available on-line at \par
http://www.mentor.com/terms_conditions/embedded_software_license. \par
\par
\par
B.2. Licenses for Sourcery CodeBench Lite \par
Components \par
The table below lists the major components of Sourcery CodeBench Lite for Xilinx GNU/Linux and \par
the license terms which apply to each of these components. \par
\par
B.2.1. Mentor Graphics Proprietary Components \par
Components of the Software that are owned and/or licensed by Mentor Graphics and are not subject \par
to a "free software" or "open source" license, such as the GNU Public License. The Mentor Graphics \par
Proprietary Components of the Software include, without limitation, the Sourcery CodeBench Installer, \par
any Sourcery CodeBench Eclipse plug-ins, the CodeSourcery C Library (CSLIBC), and any Sourcery \par
CodeBench Debug Sprite. \par
\par
\par
B.2.2. Components \par
Some free or open-source components provide documentation or other files under terms different \par
from those shown below. For definitive information about the license that applies to each component, \par
consult the source package corresponding to this release of Sourcery CodeBench Lite. Sourcery \par
CodeBench Lite may contain free or open-source components not included in the list below; for a \par
definitive list, consult the source package corresponding to this release of Sourcery CodeBench Lite. \par
\par
Component \par
License \par
\par
GNU Compiler Collection \par
GNU General Public License 3.0 \par
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html \par
\par
GNU Binary Utilities \par
GNU General Public License 3.0 \par
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html \par
\par
GNU Debugger \par
GNU General Public License 3.0 \par
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html \par
\par
Sourcery CodeBench Debug Sprite \par
Mentor Graphics License \par
\par
GNU C Library \par
GNU Lesser General Public License 2.1 \par
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.html \par
\par
Linux Kernel Headers \par
GNU General Public License 2.0 \par
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html \par
\par
GNU Make \par
GNU General Public License 2.0 \par
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html \par
\par
GNU Core Utilities \par
GNU General Public License 2.0 \par
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html \par
\par
Important \par
\par
Although some of the licenses that apply to Sourcery CodeBench Lite are "free software" \par
or "open source software" licenses, none of these licenses impose any obligation on you to \par
reveal the source code of applications you build with Sourcery CodeBench Lite. You can \par
develop proprietary applications and libraries with Sourcery CodeBench Lite. \par
\par
Sourcery CodeBench Lite may include some third party example programs and libraries in the \par
share/sourceryg++-arm-xilinx-linux-gnueabi-examples subdirectory. These \par
examples are not covered by the Sourcery CodeBench Software License Agreement. To the extent \par
permitted by law, these examples are provided by CodeSourcery as is with no warranty of any kind, \par
including implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Your use of each \par
example is governed by the license notice (if any) it contains. \par
\par
B.3. Attribution \par
This version of Sourcery CodeBench Lite may include code based on work under the following \par
copyright and permission notices: \par
\par
B.3.1. Android Open Source Project \par
/*\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (C) 2008 The Android Open Source Project \par
* All rights reserved. \par
* \par
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
* are met: \par
\par
* * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
\par
\par
 * notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
* * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
* notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in \par
* the documentation and/or other materials provided with the \par
* distribution. \par
* \par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS \par
* "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT \par
* LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS \par
* FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE \par
* COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, \par
* INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, \par
* BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS \par
* OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED \par
* AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, \par
* OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT \par
* OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF \par
* SUCH DAMAGE. \par
*/ \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Sourcery CodeBench Lite for Xilinx Cortex-A9 (EABI)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
   MENTOR GRAPHICS IS WILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE ONLY UPON\par
   THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN\par
   THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT. PLEASE READ THE TERMS\par
   CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING ON "I accept the terms of the License\par
   Agreement", YOU WILL INDICATE YOUR AGREEMENT WITH THEM. IF\par
   YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY\par
   OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOUR ACCEPTANCE REPRESENTS THAT YOU\par
   HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY TO THESE TERMS, IN\par
   WHICH CASE "YOU" OR "YOUR" SHALL REFER TO YOUR ENTITY. IF YOU\par
   DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, OR IF YOU DO NOT HAVE THE\par
   AUTHORITY TO BIND YOUR ENTITY, THEN MENTOR GRAPHICS IS\par
   UNWILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE.\par
   Sourcery CodeBench Lite License Agreement\par
\par
   Sourcery CodeBench Lite for Xilinx EABI is licensed under the\par
   Mentor Graphics Embedded Software and Hardware License\par
   Agreement. If you have a separate signed or shrinkwrap\par
   agreement (as applicable) with Mentor Graphics related to\par
   your use of Sourcery CodeBench Lite, your order is subject to\par
   the terms of that agreement. If you do not, the following\par
   terms apply, unless otherwise specifically agreed to in\par
   writing by an authorized representative of Mentor Graphics.\par
   The terms of this Getting Started Guide supplement, but do\par
   not replace or amend, the terms of your separate agreement\par
   with Mentor Graphics. Accordingly, to the extent the\par
   following terms and conditions conflict with such separate\par
   agreement, the terms and conditions of the separate agreement\par
   shall control.\par
\par
   The latest version of the License Agreement is available\par
   on-line at .\par
\par
   MENTOR GRAPHICS IS WILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE ONLY UPON\par
   THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN\par
   THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT. PLEASE READ THE TERMS\par
   CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING ON "I accept the terms of the License\par
   Agreement", YOU WILL INDICATE YOUR AGREEMENT WITH THEM. IF\par
   YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY\par
   OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOUR ACCEPTANCE REPRESENTS THAT YOU\par
   HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY TO THESE TERMS, IN\par
   WHICH CASE "YOU" OR "YOUR" SHALL REFER TO YOUR ENTITY. IF YOU\par
   DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, OR IF YOU DO NOT HAVE THE\par
   AUTHORITY TO BIND YOUR ENTITY, THEN MENTOR GRAPHICS IS\par
   UNWILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE.\par
   Embedded Software and Hardware License Agreement IMPORTANT\par
   INFORMATION\par
\par
   USE OF ALL PRODUCTS IS SUBJECT TO LICENSE RESTRICTIONS.\par
   CAREFULLY READ THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT BEFORE USING THE\par
   PRODUCTS. USE OF PRODUCTS INDICATES CUSTOMER'S COMPLETE AND\par
   UNCONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET\par
   FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT. ANY ADDITIONAL OR DIFFERENT PURCHASE\par
   ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS SHALL NOT APPLY.\par
   EMBEDDED SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT\par
   ("Agreement")\par
\par
   This is a legal agreement concerning the use of Products (as\par
   defined in Section 1) between the company acquiring the\par
   Products ("Customer"), and the Mentor Graphics entity that\par
   issued the corresponding quotation or, if no quotation was\par
   issued, the applicable local Mentor Graphics entity ("Mentor\par
   Graphics"). Except for license agreements related to the\par
   subject matter of this license agreement which are physically\par
   signed by Customer and an authorized representative of Mentor\par
   Graphics, this Agreement and the applicable quotation contain\par
   the parties' entire understanding relating to the subject\par
   matter and supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements.\par
   If Customer does not agree to these terms and conditions,\par
   promptly return or, in the case of Products received\par
   electronically, certify destruction of Products and all\par
   accompanying items within five days after receipt of such\par
   Products and receive a full refund of any license fee paid.\par
    1. Definitions.\par
         1. "Customer's Product" means Customer's end-user\par
            product identified by a unique SKU (including any\par
            Related SKUs) in an applicable Addenda that is\par
            developed, manufactured, branded and shipped solely\par
            by Customer or an authorized manufacturer or\par
            subcontractor on behalf of Customer to end-users or\par
            consumers;\par
         2. "Developer" means a unique user, as identified by a\par
            unique user identification number, with access to\par
            Embedded Software at an authorized Development\par
            Location. A unique user is an individual who works\par
            directly with the embedded software in source code\par
            form, or creates, modifies or compiles software that\par
            ultimately links to the Embedded Software in Object\par
            Code form and is embedded into Customer's Product at\par
            the point of manufacture;\par
         3. "Development Location" means the location where\par
            Products may be used as authorized in the applicable\par
            Addenda;\par
         4. "Development Tools" means the software that may be\par
            used by Customer for building, editing, compiling,\par
            debugging or prototyping Customer's Product;\par
         5. "Embedded Software" means Software that is\par
            embeddable;\par
         6. "End-User" means Customer's customer;\par
         7. "Executable Code" means a compiled program\par
            translated into a machine-readable format that can\par
            be loaded into memory and run by a certain\par
            processor;\par
         8. "Hardware" means a physically tangible\par
            electro-mechanical system or sub-system and\par
            associated documentation;\par
         9. "Linkable Object Code" or "Object Code" means\par
            linkable code resulting from the translation,\par
            processing, or compiling of Source Code by a\par
            computer into machine-readable format;\par
        10. "Mentor Embedded Linux" or "MEL" means Mentor\par
            Graphics' tools, source code, and recipes for\par
            building Linux systems;\par
        11. "Open Source Software" or "OSS" means software\par
            subject to an open source license which requires as\par
            a condition for redistribution of such software,\par
            including modifications thereto, that the: (i)\par
            redistribution be in source code form or be made\par
            available in source code form; (ii) redistributed\par
            software be licensed to allow the making of\par
            derivative works; or (iii) redistribution be at no\par
            charge;\par
        12. "Processor" means the specific microprocessor to be\par
            used with Software and implemented in Customer's\par
            Product;\par
        13. "Products" means Software, Term-Licensed Products\par
            and/or Hardware;\par
        14. "Proprietary Components" means the components of the\par
            Products that are owned and/or licensed by Mentor\par
            Graphics and are not subject to an Open Source\par
            Software license, as more fully set forth in the\par
            product documentation provided with the Products;\par
        15. "Redistributable Components" means those components\par
            that are intended to be incorporated or linked into\par
            Customer's Linkable Object Code developed with the\par
            Software, as more fully set forth in the\par
            documentation provided with the Products;\par
        16. "Related SKU" means two or more Customer Products\par
            identified by logically-related SKUs, where there is\par
            no difference or change in the electrical hardware\par
            or software content between such Customer Products;\par
        17. "Software" means software programs, Embedded\par
            Software and/or Development Tools, including any\par
            updates, modifications, revisions, copies,\par
            documentation and design data that are licensed\par
            under this Agreement;\par
        18. "Source Code" means software in a form in which the\par
            program logic is readily understandable by a human\par
            being;\par
        19. "Sourcery CodeBench Software" means Mentor Graphics'\par
            Development Tool for C/C++ embedded application\par
            development;\par
        20. "Sourcery VSIPL++" is Software providing C++ classes\par
            and functions for writing embedded signal processing\par
            applications designed to run on one or more\par
            processors;\par
        21. "Stock Keeping Unit" or "SKU" is a unique number or\par
            code used to identify each distinct product, item or\par
            service available for purchase;\par
        22. "Subsidiary" means any corporation more than 50%\par
            owned by Customer, excluding Mentor Graphics\par
            competitors. Customer agrees to fulfill the\par
            obligations of such Subsidiary in the event of\par
            default. To the extent Mentor Graphics authorizes\par
            any Subsidiary's use of Products under this\par
            Agreement, Customer agrees to ensure such\par
            Subsidiary's compliance with the terms of this\par
            Agreement and will be liable for any breach by a\par
            Subsidiary; and\par
        23. "Term-Licensed Products" means Products licensed to\par
            Customer for a limited time period ("Term").\par
    2. Orders, Fees and Payment.\par
         1. To the extent Customer (or if agreed by Mentor\par
            Graphics, Customer's appointed third party buying\par
            agent) places and Mentor Graphics accepts purchase\par
            orders pursuant to this Agreement ("Order(s)"), each\par
            Order will constitute a contract between Customer\par
            and Mentor Graphics, which shall be governed solely\par
            and exclusively by the terms and conditions of this\par
            Agreement and any applicable Addenda, whether or not\par
            these documents are referenced on the Order. Any\par
            additional or conflicting terms and conditions\par
            appearing on an Order will not be effective unless\par
            agreed in writing by an authorized representative of\par
            Customer and Mentor Graphics.\par
         2. Amounts invoiced will be paid, in the currency\par
            specified on the applicable invoice, within 30 days\par
            from the date of such invoice. All invoices will be\par
            sent electronically to Customer on the date stated\par
            on the invoice unless otherwise specified in an\par
            Addendum. Any past due invoices will be subject to\par
            the imposition of interest charges in the amount of\par
            one and one-half percent per month or the applicable\par
            legal rate currently in effect, whichever is lower.\par
            Prices do not include freight, insurance, customs\par
            duties, taxes or other similar charges, which Mentor\par
            Graphics will state separately in the applicable\par
            invoice(s). Unless timely provided with a valid\par
            certificate of exemption or other evidence that\par
            items are not taxable, Mentor Graphics will invoice\par
            Customer for all applicable taxes including, but not\par
            limited to, VAT, GST, sales tax, consumption tax and\par
            service tax. Customer will make all payments free\par
            and clear of, and without reduction for, any\par
            withholding or other taxes; any such taxes imposed\par
            on payments by Customer hereunder will be Customer's\par
            sole responsibility. If Customer appoints a third\par
            party to place purchase orders and/or make payments\par
            on Customer's behalf, Customer shall be liable for\par
            payment under Orders placed by such third party in\par
            the event of default.\par
         3. All Products are delivered FCA factory (Incoterms\par
            2010), freight prepaid and invoiced to Customer,\par
            except Software delivered electronically, which\par
            shall be deemed delivered when made available to\par
            Customer for download. Mentor Graphics' delivery of\par
            Software by electronic means is subject to\par
            Customer's provision of both a primary and an\par
            alternate e-mail address.\par
    3. Grant of License.\par
         1. The Products installed, downloaded, or otherwise\par
            acquired by Customer under this Agreement constitute\par
            or contain copyrighted, trade secret, proprietary\par
            and confidential information of Mentor Graphics or\par
            its licensors, who maintain exclusive title to all\par
            Software and retain all rights not expressly granted\par
            by this Agreement. Mentor Graphics grants to\par
            Customer, subject to payment of applicable license\par
            fees, a nontransferable, nonexclusive license to use\par
            Software as described in the applicable Addenda. The\par
            limited licenses granted under the applicable\par
            Addenda shall continue until the expiration date of\par
            Term-Licensed Products or termination in accordance\par
            with Section 12 below, whichever occurs first.\par
            Mentor Graphics does NOT grant Customer any right to\par
            (a) sublicense or (b) use Software beyond the scope\par
            of this Section without first signing a separate\par
            agreement or Addenda with Mentor Graphics for such\par
            purpose.\par
         2. License Type. The license type shall be identified\par
            in the applicable Addenda.\par
              1. Development License: During the Term, if any,\par
                 Customer may modify, compile, assemble and\par
                 convert the applicable Embedded Software Source\par
                 Code into Linkable Object Code and/or\par
                 Executable Code form by the number of\par
                 Developers specified, for the Processor(s),\par
                 Customer's Product(s) and at the Development\par
                 Location(s) identified in the applicable\par
                 Addenda.\par
              2. End-User Product License: During the Term, if\par
                 any, and unless otherwise specified in the\par
                 applicable Addenda, Customer may incorporate or\par
                 embed an Executable Code version of the\par
                 Embedded Software into the specified number of\par
                 copies of Customer's Product(s), using the\par
                 Processor Unit(s), and at the Development\par
                 Location(s) identified in the applicable\par
                 Addenda. Customer may manufacture, brand and\par
                 distribute such Customer's Product(s) worldwide\par
                 to its End-Users.\par
              3. Internal Tool License: During the Term, if any,\par
                 Customer may use the Development Tools solely:\par
                 (a) for internal business purposes and (b) on\par
                 the specified number of computer work stations\par
                 and sites. Development Tools are licensed on a\par
                 per-seat or floating basis, as specified in the\par
                 applicable Addenda, and shall not be\par
                 distributed to others or delivered in\par
                 Customer's Product(s) unless specifically\par
                 authorized in an applicable Addenda.\par
              4. Sourcery CodeBench Professional Edition\par
                 License: During the Term specified in the\par
                 applicable Addenda, Customer may (a) install\par
                 and use the Proprietary Components of the\par
                 Software (i) if the license is a node-locked\par
                 license, by a single user who uses the Software\par
                 on up to two machines provided that only one\par
                 copy of the Software is in use at any one time,\par
                 or (ii) if the license is a floating license,\par
                 by the authorized number of concurrent users on\par
                 one or more machines provided that only the\par
                 authorized number of copies of the Software are\par
                 in use at any one time, and (b) distribute the\par
                 Redistributable Components of the Software in\par
                 Executable Code form only and only as part of\par
                 Customer's Object Code developed with the\par
                 Software that provides substantially different\par
                 functionality than the Redistributable\par
                 Component(s) alone.\par
              5. Sourcery CodeBench Standard Edition License:\par
                 During the Term specified in the applicable\par
                 Addenda, Customer may (a) install and use the\par
                 Proprietary Components of the Software by a\par
                 single user who uses the Software on up to two\par
                 machines provided that only one copy of the\par
                 Software is in use at any one time, and (b)\par
                 distribute the Redistributable Component(s) of\par
                 the Software in Executable Code form only and\par
                 only as part of Customer's Object Code\par
                 developed with the Software that provides\par
                 substantially different functionality than the\par
                 Redistributable Component(s) alone.\par
              6. Sourcery CodeBench Personal Edition License:\par
                 During the Term specified in the applicable\par
                 Addenda, Customer may (a) install and use the\par
                 Proprietary Components of the Software by a\par
                 single user who uses the Software on one\par
                 machine, and (b) distribute the Redistributable\par
                 Component(s) of the Software in Executable Code\par
                 form only and only as part of Customer Object\par
                 Code developed with the Software that provides\par
                 substantially different functionality than the\par
                 Redistributable Component(s) alone.\par
              7. Sourcery CodeBench Academic Edition License:\par
                 During the Term specified in the applicable\par
                 Addenda, Customer may (a) install and use the\par
                 Proprietary Components of the Software for\par
                 non-commercial, academic purposes only by a\par
                 single user who uses the Software on one\par
                 machine, and (b) distribute the Redistributable\par
                 Component(s) of the Software in Executable Code\par
                 form only and only as part of Customer Object\par
                 Code developed with the Software that provides\par
                 substantially different functionality than the\par
                 Redistributable Component(s) alone.\par
         3. Mentor Graphics may from time to time, in its sole\par
            discretion, lend Products to Customer. For each\par
            loan, Mentor Graphics will identify in writing the\par
            quantity and description of Software loaned, the\par
            authorized location and the Term of the loan. Mentor\par
            Graphics will grant to Customer a temporary license\par
            to use the loaned Software solely for Customer's\par
            internal evaluation in a non-production environment.\par
            Customer shall return to Mentor Graphics or delete\par
            and destroy loaned Software on or before the\par
            expiration of the loan Term. Customer will sign a\par
            certification of such deletion or destruction if\par
            requested by Mentor Graphics.\par
    4. Beta Code.\par
         1. Portions or all of certain Products may contain code\par
            for experimental testing and evaluation ("Beta\par
            Code"), which may not be used without Mentor\par
            Graphics' explicit authorization. Upon Mentor\par
            Graphics' authorization, Mentor Graphics grants to\par
            Customer a temporary, nontransferable, nonexclusive\par
            license for experimental use to test and evaluate\par
            the Beta Code without charge for a limited period of\par
            time specified by Mentor Graphics. This grant and\par
            Customer's use of the Beta Code shall not be\par
            construed as marketing or offering to sell a license\par
            to the Beta Code, which Mentor Graphics may choose\par
            not to release commercially in any form.\par
         2. If Mentor Graphics authorizes Customer to use the\par
            Beta Code, Customer agrees to evaluate and test the\par
            Beta Code under normal conditions as directed by\par
            Mentor Graphics. Customer will contact Mentor\par
            Graphics periodically during Customer's use of the\par
            Beta Code to discuss any malfunctions or suggested\par
            improvements. Upon completion of Customer's\par
            evaluation and testing, Customer will send to Mentor\par
            Graphics a written evaluation of the Beta Code,\par
            including its strengths, weaknesses and recommended\par
            improvements.\par
         3. Customer agrees to maintain Beta Code in confidence\par
            and shall restrict access to the Beta Code,\par
            including the methods and concepts utilized therein,\par
            solely to those employees and Customer location(s)\par
            authorized by Mentor Graphics to perform beta\par
            testing. Customer agrees that any written\par
            evaluations and all inventions, product\par
            improvements, modifications or developments that\par
            Mentor Graphics conceived or made during or\par
            subsequent to this Agreement, including those based\par
            partly or wholly on Customer's feedback, will be the\par
            exclusive property of Mentor Graphics. Mentor\par
            Graphics will have exclusive rights, title and\par
            interest in all such property. The provisions of\par
            this Subsection 4.3 shall survive termination of\par
            this Agreement.\par
    5. Restrictions on Use.\par
         1. Customer may copy Software only as reasonably\par
            necessary to support the authorized use, including\par
            archival and backup purposes. Each copy must include\par
            all notices and legends embedded in Software and\par
            affixed to its medium and container as received from\par
            Mentor Graphics. All copies shall remain the\par
            property of Mentor Graphics or its licensors. Except\par
            where embedded in Executable Code form in Customer's\par
            Product, Customer shall maintain a record of the\par
            number and location of all copies of Software,\par
            including copies merged with other software and\par
            products, and shall make those records available to\par
            Mentor Graphics upon request. Customer shall not\par
            make Products available in any form to any person\par
            other than Customer's employees, authorized\par
            manufacturers or authorized contractors, excluding\par
            Mentor Graphics competitors, whose job performance\par
            requires access and who are under obligations of\par
            confidentiality. Customer shall take appropriate\par
            action to protect the confidentiality of Products\par
            and ensure that any person permitted access does not\par
            disclose or use Products except as permitted by this\par
            Agreement. Customer shall give Mentor Graphics\par
            immediate written notice of any unauthorized\par
            disclosure or use of the Products as soon as\par
            Customer learns or becomes aware of such\par
            unauthorized disclosure or use.\par
         2. Customer acknowledges that the Products provided\par
            hereunder may contain Source Code which is\par
            proprietary and its confidentiality is of the\par
            highest importance and value to Mentor Graphics.\par
            Customer acknowledges that Mentor Graphics may be\par
            seriously harmed if such Source Code is disclosed in\par
            violation of this Agreement. Except as otherwise\par
            permitted for purposes of interoperability as\par
            specified by applicable and mandatory local law,\par
            Customer shall not reverse-assemble,\par
            reverse-compile, reverse-engineer or in any way\par
            derive any Source Code from Products that are not\par
            provided in Source Code form. Except as embedded in\par
            Executable Code in Customer's Product and\par
            distributed in the ordinary course of business, in\par
            no event shall Customer provide Products to Mentor\par
            Graphics competitors. Log files, data files, rule\par
            files and script files generated by or for the\par
            Software (collectively "Files") constitute and/or\par
            include confidential information of Mentor Graphics.\par
            Customer may share Files with third parties,\par
            excluding Mentor Graphics competitors, provided that\par
            the confidentiality of such Files is protected by\par
            written agreement at least as well as Customer\par
            protects other information of a similar nature or\par
            importance, but in any case with at least reasonable\par
            care. Under no circumstances shall Customer use\par
            Products or allow their use for the purpose of\par
            developing, enhancing or marketing any product that\par
            is in any way competitive with Products, or disclose\par
            to any third party the results of, or information\par
            pertaining to, any benchmark.\par
         3. Customer may not assign this Agreement or the rights\par
            and duties under it, or relocate, sublicense or\par
            otherwise transfer the Products, whether by\par
            operation of law or otherwise ("Attempted\par
            Transfer"), without Mentor Graphics' prior written\par
            consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld,\par
            and payment of Mentor Graphics' then-current\par
            applicable relocation and/or transfer fees. Any\par
            Attempted Transfer without Mentor Graphics' prior\par
            written consent shall be a material breach of this\par
            Agreement and may, at Mentor Graphics' option,\par
            result in the immediate termination of the Agreement\par
            and/or the licenses granted under this Agreement.\par
            The terms of this Agreement, including without\par
            limitation the licensing and assignment provisions,\par
            shall be binding upon Customer's permitted\par
            successors in interest and assigns.\par
         4. Notwithstanding any provision in an OSS license\par
            agreement applicable to a component of the Sourcery\par
            CodeBench Software that permits the redistribution\par
            of such component to a third party in Source Code or\par
            binary form, Customer may not use any Mentor\par
            Graphics trademark, whether registered or\par
            unregistered, in connection with such distribution,\par
            and may not recompile the Open Source Software\par
            components with the --with-pkgversion or\par
            --with-bugurl configuration options that embed\par
            Mentor Graphics' trademarks in the resulting binary.\par
         5. The provisions of this Section 5 shall survive the\par
            termination of this Agreement.\par
    6. Support Services.\par
         1. Except as described in Sections 6.2, 6.3 and 6.4\par
            below, and unless otherwise specified in any\par
            applicable Addenda to this Agreement, to the extent\par
            Customer purchases support services, Mentor Graphics\par
            will provide Customer updates and technical support\par
            for the number of Developers at the Development\par
            Location(s) for which support is purchased in\par
            accordance with Mentor Graphics' then-current\par
            End-User Software Support Terms located at .\par
         2. To the extent Customer purchases support services\par
            for Sourcery CodeBench Software, support will be\par
            provided solely in accordance with the provisions of\par
            this Section 6.2. Mentor Graphics shall provide\par
            updates and technical support to Customer as\par
            described herein only on the condition that Customer\par
            uses the Executable Code form of the Sourcery\par
            CodeBench Software for internal use only and/or\par
            distributes the Redistributable Components in\par
            Executable Code form only (except as provided in a\par
            separate redistribution agreement with Mentor\par
            Graphics or as required by the applicable Open\par
            Source license). Any other distribution by Customer\par
            of the Sourcery CodeBench Software (or any component\par
            thereof) in any form, including distribution\par
            permitted by the applicable Open Source license,\par
            shall automatically terminate any remaining support\par
            term. Subject to the foregoing and the payment of\par
            support fees, Mentor Graphics will provide Customer\par
            updates and technical support for the number of\par
            Developers at the Development Location(s) for which\par
            support is purchased in accordance with Mentor\par
            Graphics' then-current Sourcery CodeBench Software\par
            Support Terms located at .\par
         3. To the extent Customer purchases support services\par
            for Sourcery VSIPL++, Mentor Graphics will provide\par
            Customer updates and technical support for the\par
            number of Developers at the Development Location(s)\par
            for which support is purchased solely in accordance\par
            with Mentor Graphics' then-current Sourcery VSIPL++\par
            Support Terms located at. .\par
         4. To the extent Customer purchases support services\par
            for Mentor Embedded Linux, Mentor Graphics will\par
            provide Customer updates and technical support for\par
            the number of Developers at the Development\par
            Location(s) for which support is purchased solely in\par
            accordance with Mentor Graphics' then-current Mentor\par
            Embedded Linux Support Terms located at .\par
    7. Third Party and Open Source Software. Products may\par
       contain Open Source Software or code distributed under a\par
       proprietary third party license agreement. Please see\par
       applicable Products documentation, including but not\par
       limited to license notice files, header files or source\par
       code for further details. Please see the applicable Open\par
       Source Software license(s) for additional rights and\par
       obligations governing your use and distribution of Open\par
       Source Software. Customer agrees that it shall not\par
       subject any Product provided by Mentor Graphics under\par
       this Agreement to any Open Source Software license that\par
       does not otherwise apply to such Product. In the event of\par
       conflict between the terms of this Agreement, any Addenda\par
       and an applicable OSS or proprietary third party\par
       agreement, the OSS or proprietary third party agreement\par
       will control solely with respect to the OSS or\par
       proprietary third party software component. The\par
       provisions of this Section 7 shall survive the\par
       termination of this Agreement.\par
    8. Limited Warranty.\par
         1. Mentor Graphics warrants that during the warranty\par
            period its standard, generally supported Products,\par
            when properly installed, will substantially conform\par
            to the functional specifications set forth in the\par
            applicable user manual and/or specification. Mentor\par
            Graphics does not warrant that Products will meet\par
            Customer's requirements or that operation of\par
            Products will be uninterrupted or error free. The\par
            warranty period is 90 days starting on the 15th day\par
            after delivery or upon installation, whichever first\par
            occurs. Customer must notify Mentor Graphics in\par
            writing of any nonconformity within the warranty\par
            period. For the avoidance of doubt, this warranty\par
            applies only to the initial shipment of Products\par
            under an Order and does not renew or reset, for\par
            example, with the delivery of (a) Software updates\par
            or (b) authorization codes. This warranty shall not\par
            be valid if Products have been subject to misuse,\par
            unauthorized modification or improper installation.\par
            MENTOR GRAPHICS' ENTIRE LIABILITY AND CUSTOMER'S\par
            EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SHALL BE, AT MENTOR GRAPHICS'\par
            OPTION, EITHER (A) REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID UPON\par
            RETURN OF THE PRODUCTS TO MENTOR GRAPHICS OR (B)\par
            MODIFICATION OR REPLACEMENT OF THE PRODUCTS THAT DO\par
            NOT MEET THIS LIMITED WARRANTY, PROVIDED CUSTOMER\par
            HAS OTHERWISE COMPLIED WITH THIS AGREEMENT. MENTOR\par
            GRAPHICS MAKES NO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO: (A)\par
            SERVICES; OR (B) PRODUCTS PROVIDED AT NO CHARGE,\par
            WHICH ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" UNLESS OTHERWISE AGREED\par
            IN WRITING.\par
         2. THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 8 ARE\par
            EXCLUSIVE TO CUSTOMER AND DO NOT APPLY TO ANY\par
            END-USER. NEITHER MENTOR GRAPHICS NOR ITS LICENSORS\par
            MAKE ANY OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR\par
            STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO PRODUCTS OR OTHER\par
            MATERIAL PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. MENTOR\par
            GRAPHICS AND ITS LICENSORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL\par
            IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A\par
            PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF\par
            INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.\par
    9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. EXCEPT WHERE THIS EXCLUSION OR\par
       RESTRICTION OF LIABILITY WOULD BE VOID OR INEFFECTIVE\par
       UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, AND EXCEPT FOR EITHER PARTY'S\par
       BREACH OF ITS CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS, CUSTOMER'S\par
       BREACH OF LICENSING TERMS OR CUSTOMER'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER\par
       SECTION 10, IN NO EVENT SHALL: (A) EITHER PARTY OR ITS\par
       RESPECTIVE LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL,\par
       INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST\par
       PROFITS OR SAVINGS) WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR\par
       ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY OR ITS\par
       LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH\par
       DAMAGES; AND (B) EITHER PARTY OR ITS RESPECTIVE\par
       LICENSORS' LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, FOR\par
       THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, LIABILITY FOR ATTORNEYS' FEES OR\par
       COSTS, EXCEED THE GREATER OF THE FEES PAID OR OWING TO\par
       MENTOR GRAPHICS FOR THE PRODUCT OR SERVICE GIVING RISE TO\par
       THE CLAIM OR $500,000 (FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND U.S.\par
       DOLLARS). NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, IN THE CASE\par
       WHERE NO AMOUNT WAS PAID, MENTOR GRAPHICS AND ITS\par
       LICENSORS SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES\par
       WHATSOEVER. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 9 SHALL\par
       SURVIVE THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT.\par
   10. Hazardous Applications.\par
         1. Customer agrees that Mentor Graphics has no control\par
            over Customer's testing or the specific applications\par
            and use that Customer will make of Products. Mentor\par
            Graphics Products are not specifically designed for\par
            use in the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft\par
            navigation or communications systems, air traffic\par
            control, life support systems, medical devices or\par
            other applications in which the failure of Mentor\par
            Graphics Products could lead to death, personal\par
            injury, or severe physical or environmental damage\par
            ("Hazardous Applications").\par
         2. CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES IT IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR\par
            TESTING PRODUCTS USED IN HAZARDOUS APPLICATIONS AND\par
            SHALL BE SOLELY LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING\par
            FROM SUCH USE. NEITHER MENTOR GRAPHICS NOR ITS\par
            LICENSORS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING\par
            FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF PRODUCTS IN\par
            ANY HAZARDOUS APPLICATIONS.\par
         3. CUSTOMER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS\par
            MENTOR GRAPHICS AND ITS LICENSORS FROM ANY CLAIMS,\par
            LOSS, COST, DAMAGE, EXPENSE OR LIABILITY, INCLUDING\par
            REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN\par
            CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF PRODUCTS AS DESCRIBED IN\par
            SECTION 10.1.\par
         4. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 10 SHALL SURVIVE THE\par
            TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT.\par
   11. Infringement.\par
         1. Mentor Graphics will defend or settle, at its option\par
            and expense, any action brought against Customer in\par
            the United States, Canada, Japan, or member state of\par
            the European Union which alleges that any standard,\par
            generally supported Product acquired by Customer\par
            hereunder infringes a patent or copyright or\par
            misappropriates a trade secret in such jurisdiction.\par
            Mentor Graphics will pay any costs and damages\par
            finally awarded against Customer that are\par
            attributable to the action. Customer understands and\par
            agrees that as conditions to Mentor Graphics'\par
            obligations under this section Customer must: (a)\par
            notify Mentor Graphics promptly in writing of the\par
            action; (b) provide Mentor Graphics all reasonable\par
            information and assistance to settle or defend the\par
            action; and (c) grant Mentor Graphics sole authority\par
            and control of the defense or settlement of the\par
            action.\par
         2. If a claim is made under Subsection 11.1 Mentor\par
            Graphics may, at its option and expense, and in\par
            addition to its obligations under Section 11.1,\par
            either (a) replace or modify the Product so that it\par
            becomes noninfringing; or (b) procure for Customer\par
            the right to continue using the Product. If Mentor\par
            Graphics determines that neither of those\par
            alternatives is financially practical or otherwise\par
            reasonably available, Mentor Graphics may require\par
            the return of the Product and refund to Customer any\par
            purchase price or license fee(s) paid.\par
         3. Mentor Graphics has no liability to Customer if the\par
            claim is based upon: (a) the combination of the\par
            Product with any product not furnished by Mentor\par
            Graphics, where the Product itself is not\par
            infringing; (b) the modification of the Product\par
            other than by Mentor Graphics or as directed by\par
            Mentor Graphics, where the unmodified Product would\par
            not infringe; (c) the use of the infringing Product\par
            when Mentor Graphics has provided Customer with a\par
            current unaltered release of a non-infringing\par
            Product of substantially similar functionality in\par
            accordance with Subsection 11.2(a); (d) the use of\par
            the Product as part of an infringing process; (e) a\par
            product that Customer makes, uses, or sells, where\par
            the Product itself is not infringing; (f) any\par
            Product provided at no charge; (g) any software\par
            provided by Mentor Graphics' licensors who do not\par
            provide such indemnification to Mentor Graphics'\par
            customers; (h) Open Source Software, except to the\par
            extent that the infringement is directly caused by\par
            Mentor Graphics' modifications to such Open Source\par
            Software; or (i) infringement by Customer that is\par
            deemed willful. In the case of (i), Customer shall\par
            reimburse Mentor Graphics for its reasonable\par
            attorneys' fees and other costs related to the\par
            action.\par
         4. THIS SECTION 11 IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 9 ABOVE AND\par
            STATES: (A) THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF MENTOR GRAPHICS\par
            AND ITS LICENSORS AND (B) CUSTOMER'S SOLE AND\par
            EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, WITH RESPECT TO ANY ALLEGED PATENT\par
            OR COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT OR TRADE SECRET\par
            MISAPPROPRIATION BY ANY PRODUCT PROVIDED UNDER THIS\par
            AGREEMENT.\par
   12. Termination and Effect of Termination. If a Software\par
       license was provided for limited term use, such license\par
       will automatically terminate at the end of the authorized\par
       Term.\par
         1. Termination for Breach. This Agreement shall remain\par
            in effect until terminated in accordance with its\par
            terms. Mentor Graphics may terminate this Agreement\par
            and/or any licenses granted under this Agreement,\par
            and Customer will immediately discontinue use and\par
            distribution of Products, if Customer (a) commits\par
            any material breach of any provision of this\par
            Agreement and fails to cure such breach upon 30-days\par
            prior written notice; or (b) becomes insolvent,\par
            files a bankruptcy petition, institutes proceedings\par
            for liquidation or winding up or enters into an\par
            agreement to assign its assets for the benefit of\par
            creditors. Termination of this Agreement or any\par
            license granted hereunder will not affect Customer's\par
            obligation to pay for Products shipped or licenses\par
            granted prior to the termination, which amounts\par
            shall be payable immediately upon the date of\par
            termination. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in\par
            this Section 12 shall be construed to prevent Mentor\par
            Graphics from seeking immediate injunctive relief in\par
            the event of any threatened or actual breach of\par
            Customer's obligations hereunder.\par
         2. Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this\par
            Agreement, the rights and obligations of the parties\par
            shall cease except as expressly set forth in this\par
            Agreement. Upon termination or expiration of the\par
            Term, Customer will discontinue use and/or\par
            distribution of Products, and shall return Hardware\par
            and either return to Mentor Graphics or destroy\par
            Software in Customer's possession, including all\par
            copies and documentation, and certify in writing to\par
            Mentor Graphics within ten business days of the\par
            termination date that Customer no longer possesses\par
            any of the affected Products or copies of Software\par
            in any form, except to the extent an Open Source\par
            Software license conflicts with this Section 12.2\par
            and permits Customer's continued use of any Open\par
            Source Software portion or component of a Product.\par
            Upon termination for Customer's breach, an End-User\par
            may continue its use and/or distribution of\par
            Customer's Product so long as: (a) the End-User was\par
            licensed according to the terms of this Agreement,\par
            if applicable to such End-User, and (b) such\par
            End-User is not in breach of its agreement, if\par
            applicable, nor a party to Customer's breach.\par
   13. Export. The Products provided hereunder are subject to\par
       regulation by local laws and United States government\par
       agencies, which prohibit export or diversion of certain\par
       products, information about the products, and direct or\par
       indirect products thereof, to certain countries and\par
       certain persons. Customer agrees that it will not export\par
       Products in any manner without first obtaining all\par
       necessary approval from appropriate local and United\par
       States government agencies. Customer acknowledges that\par
       the regulation of product export is in continuous\par
       modification by local governments and/or the United\par
       States Congress and administrative agencies. Customer\par
       agrees to complete all documents and to meet all\par
       requirements arising out of such modifications.\par
   14. U.S. Government License Rights. Software was developed\par
       entirely at private expense. All Software is commercial\par
       computer software within the meaning of the applicable\par
       acquisition regulations. Accordingly, pursuant to US FAR\par
       48 CFR 12.212 and DFAR 48 CFR 227.7202, use, duplication\par
       and disclosure of the Software by or for the U.S.\par
       Government or a U.S. Government subcontractor is subject\par
       solely to the terms and conditions set forth in this\par
       Agreement, except for provisions which are contrary to\par
       applicable mandatory federal laws.\par
   15. Third Party Beneficiary. For any Products licensed under\par
       this Agreement and provided by Customer to End-Users,\par
       Mentor Graphics or the applicable licensor is a third\par
       party beneficiary of the agreement between Customer and\par
       End-User. Mentor Graphics Corporation, Mentor Graphics\par
       (Ireland) Limited, and other licensors may be third party\par
       beneficiaries of this Agreement with the right to enforce\par
       the obligations set forth herein.\par
   16. Review of License Usage. Customer will monitor the access\par
       to and use of Software. With prior written notice, during\par
       Customer's normal business hours, and no more frequently\par
       than once per calendar year, Mentor Graphics may engage\par
       an internationally recognized accounting firm to review\par
       Customer's software monitoring system, records, accounts\par
       and sublicensing documents deemed relevant by the\par
       internationally recognized accounting firm to confirm\par
       Customer's compliance with the terms of this Agreement or\par
       U.S. or other local export laws. Such review may include\par
       FlexNet (or successor product) report log files that\par
       Customer shall capture and provide at Mentor Graphics'\par
       request. Customer shall make records available in\par
       electronic format and shall fully cooperate with data\par
       gathering to support the license review. Mentor Graphics\par
       shall bear the expense of any such review unless a\par
       material non-compliance is revealed. Mentor Graphics\par
       shall treat as confidential information all Customer\par
       information gained as a result of any request or review\par
       and shall only use or disclose such information as\par
       required by law or to enforce its rights under this\par
       Agreement. Such license review shall be at Mentor\par
       Graphics' expense unless it reveals a material\par
       underpayment of fees of five percent or more, in which\par
       case Customer shall reimburse Mentor Graphics for the\par
       costs of such license review. Customer shall promptly pay\par
       any such fees. If the license review reveals that\par
       Customer has made an overpayment, Mentor Graphics has the\par
       option to either provide the Customer with a refund or\par
       credit the amount overpaid to Customer's next payment.\par
       The provisions of this Section 16 shall survive the\par
       termination of this Agreement.\par
   17. Controlling Law, Jurisdiction and Dispute Resolution.\par
       This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under\par
       the laws of the State of California, USA, excluding\par
       choice of law rules. All disputes arising out of or in\par
       relation to this Agreement shall be submitted to the\par
       exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of\par
       California, USA. Nothing in this section shall restrict\par
       Mentor Graphics' right to bring an action (including for\par
       example a motion for injunctive relief) against Customer\par
       or its Subsidiary in the jurisdiction where Customer's or\par
       its Subsidiary's place of business is located. The United\par
       Nations Convention on Contracts for the International\par
       Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement.\par
   18. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held\par
       by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void, invalid,\par
       unenforceable or illegal, such provision shall be severed\par
       from this Agreement and the remaining provisions will\par
       remain in full force and effect.\par
   19. Miscellaneous. This Agreement contains the parties'\par
       entire understanding relating to its subject matter and\par
       supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements,\par
       including but not limited to any purchase order terms and\par
       conditions. This Agreement may only be modified in\par
       writing, signed by an authorized representative of each\par
       party. Waiver of terms or excuse of breach must be in\par
       writing and shall not constitute subsequent consent,\par
       waiver or excuse.\par
\par
   Rev. 120305, Part No. 252061\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Appendix B \par
Sourcery CodeBench Lite \par
Licenses \par
\par
Sourcery CodeBench Lite contains software provided under a variety of licenses. Some \par
components are "free" or "open source" software, while other components are proprietary. \par
This appendix explains what licenses apply to your use of Sourcery CodeBench Lite. You \par
should read this appendix to understand your legal rights and obligations as a user of \par
Sourcery CodeBench Lite. \par
\par
\par
\par
The Mentor Graphics License is available in Section B.1, "Sourcery CodeBench Lite License \par
Agreement". \par
\par
B.1. Sourcery CodeBench Lite License Agreement \par
Sourcery CodeBench Lite for Xilinx EABI is licensed under the Mentor Graphics Embedded \par
Software and Hardware License Agreement. If you have a separate signed or shrinkwrap agreement \par
(as applicable) with Mentor Graphics related to your use of Sourcery CodeBench Lite, your order \par
is subject to the terms of that agreement. If you do not, the following terms apply, unless otherwise \par
specifically agreed to in writing by an authorized representative of Mentor Graphics. The terms of \par
this Getting Started Guide supplement, but do not replace or amend, the terms of your separate \par
agreement with Mentor Graphics. Accordingly, to the extent the following terms and conditions \par
conflict with such separate agreement, the terms and conditions of the separate agreement shall \par
control. \par
\par
The latest version of the License Agreement is available on-line at \par
http://www.mentor.com/terms_conditions/embedded_software_license. \par
\par
\par
\par
B.2. Licenses for Sourcery CodeBench Lite \par
Components \par
The table below lists the major components of Sourcery CodeBench Lite for Xilinx EABI and the \par
license terms which apply to each of these components. \par
\par
B.2.1. Mentor Graphics Proprietary Components \par
Components of the Software that are owned and/or licensed by Mentor Graphics and are not subject \par
to a "free software" or "open source" license, such as the GNU Public License. The Mentor Graphics \par
Proprietary Components of the Software include, without limitation, the Sourcery CodeBench Installer, \par
any Sourcery CodeBench Eclipse plug-ins, the CodeSourcery C Library (CSLIBC), and any Sourcery \par
CodeBench Debug Sprite. \par
\par
\par
\par
B.2.2. Components \par
Some free or open-source components provide documentation or other files under terms different \par
from those shown below. For definitive information about the license that applies to each component, \par
consult the source package corresponding to this release of Sourcery CodeBench Lite. Sourcery \par
CodeBench Lite may contain free or open-source components not included in the list below; for a \par
definitive list, consult the source package corresponding to this release of Sourcery CodeBench Lite. \par
\par
Component \par
License \par
\par
GNU Compiler Collection \par
GNU General Public License 3.0 \par
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html \par
\par
GNU Binary Utilities \par
GNU General Public License 3.0 \par
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html \par
\par
GNU Debugger \par
GNU General Public License 3.0 \par
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html \par
\par
Sourcery CodeBench Debug Sprite \par
Mentor Graphics License \par
\par
CodeSourcery Common Startup Code Sequence \par
Mentor Graphics License \par
\par
Newlib C Library \par
BSD License. For the text of the license and a \par
complete list of copyright holders, see Section \par
B.3.2, "Newlib". \par
\par
GNU Make \par
GNU General Public License 2.0 \par
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html \par
\par
GNU Core Utilities \par
GNU General Public License 2.0 \par
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html \par
\par
Important \par
\par
Although some of the licenses that apply to Sourcery CodeBench Lite are "free software" \par
or "open source software" licenses, none of these licenses impose any obligation on you to \par
reveal the source code of applications you build with Sourcery CodeBench Lite. You can \par
develop proprietary applications and libraries with Sourcery CodeBench Lite. \par
\par
Sourcery CodeBench Lite may include some third party example programs and libraries in the \par
share/sourceryg++-arm-xilinx-eabi-examples subdirectory. These examples are \par
not covered by the Sourcery CodeBench Software License Agreement. To the extent permitted by \par
law, these examples are provided by CodeSourcery as is with no warranty of any kind, including \par
implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Your use of each example \par
is governed by the license notice (if any) it contains. \par
\par
B.3. Attribution \par
This version of Sourcery CodeBench Lite may include code based on work under the following \par
copyright and permission notices: \par
\par
B.3.1. Android Open Source Project \par
/*\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (C) 2008 The Android Open Source Project \par
* All rights reserved. \par
* \par
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
* are met: \par
\par
\par
* * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
\par
\par
 * notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
* * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
* notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in \par
* the documentation and/or other materials provided with the \par
* distribution. \par
* \par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS \par
* "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT \par
* LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS \par
* FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE \par
* COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, \par
* INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, \par
* BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS \par
* OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED \par
* AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, \par
* OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT \par
* OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF \par
* SUCH DAMAGE. \par
*/ \par
B.3.2. Newlib \par
The newlib subdirectory is a collection of software from several sources. \par
\par
\par
Each file may have its own copyright/license that is embedded in the source \par
file. Unless otherwise noted in the body of the source file(s), the following copyright \par
notices will apply to the contents of the newlib subdirectory: \par
\par
\par
(1) Red Hat Incorporated \par
Copyright (c) 1994-2007 Red Hat, Inc. All rights reserved. \par
\par
\par
This copyrighted material is made available to anyone wishing to use, \par
modify, copy, or redistribute it subject to the terms and conditions \par
of the BSD License. This program is distributed in the hope that \par
it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY expressed or implied, \par
including the implied warranties of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR \par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. A copy of this license is available at \par
http://www.opensource.org/licenses. Any Red Hat trademarks that are \par
incorporated in the source code or documentation are not subject to \par
the BSD License and may only be used or replicated with the express \par
permission of Red Hat, Inc. \par
\par
\par
(2) University of California, Berkeley \par
Copyright (c) 1981-2000 The Regents of the University of California. \par
All rights reserved. \par
\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, \par
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
\par
 * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, \par
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, \par
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation \par
and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
* Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors \par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software \par
without specific prior written permission. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" \par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED \par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. \par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, \par
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT \par
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR \par
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, \par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) \par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY \par
OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
\par
(3) David M. Gay (AT&T 1991, Lucent 1998) \par
The author of this software is David M. Gay. \par
\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991 by AT&T. \par
\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any \par
purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice \par
is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy \par
or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting \par
documentation for such software. \par
\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED \par
WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY \par
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY \par
OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. \par
\par
\par
The author of this software is David M. Gay. \par
\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998-2001 by Lucent Technologies \par
All Rights Reserved \par
\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and \par
its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby \par
granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all \par
copies and that both that the copyright notice and this \par
permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear in supporting \par
documentation, and that the name of Lucent or any of its entities \par
not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to \par
distribution of the software without specific, written prior \par
permission. \par
\par
\par
LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, \par
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. \par
IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY \par
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES \par
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER \par
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, \par
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF \par
THIS SOFTWARE. \par
\par
\par
(4) Advanced Micro Devices \par
Copyright 1989, 1990 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. \par
\par
\par
This software is the property of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc (AMD) which \par
specifically grants the user the right to modify, use and distribute this \par
software provided this notice is not removed or altered. All other rights \par
are reserved by AMD. \par
\par
\par
AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS \par
SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR \par
USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. \par
\par
\par
So that all may benefit from your experience, please report any problems \par
or suggestions about this software to the 29K Technical Support Center at \par
800-29-29-AMD (800-292-9263) in the USA, or 0800-89-1131 in the UK, or \par
0031-11-1129 in Japan, toll free. The direct dial number is 512-462-4118. \par
\par
\par
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. \par
29K Support Products \par
Mail Stop 573 \par
5900 E. Ben White Blvd. \par
Austin, TX 78741 \par
800-292-9263 \par
\par
\par
(5) C.W. Sandmann \par
\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 C.W. Sandmann \par
\par
\par
This file may be freely distributed as long as the author's name remains. \par
\par
\par
(6) Eric Backus \par
(C) Copyright 1992 Eric Backus \par
This software may be used freely so long as this copyright notice is \par
left intact. There is no warrantee on this software. \par
\par
\par
(7) Sun Microsystems \par
Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved. \par
\par
\par
Developed at SunPro, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business. \par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this \par
software is freely granted, provided that this notice is preserved. \par
\par
\par
(8) Hewlett Packard \par
(c) Copyright 1986 HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY \par
To anyone who acknowledges that this file is provided "AS IS" \par
without any express or implied warranty:\par
\par
\par
 permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this file \par
for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that \par
the above copyright notice and this notice appears in all \par
copies, and that the name of Hewlett-Packard Company not be \par
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution \par
of the software without specific, written prior permission. \par
Hewlett-Packard Company makes no representations about the \par
suitability of this software for any purpose. \par
\par
\par
(9) Hans-Peter Nilsson \par
Copyright (C) 2001 Hans-Peter Nilsson \par
\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software is \par
freely granted, provided that the above copyright notice, this notice \par
and the following disclaimer are preserved with no changes. \par
\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED \par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR \par
PURPOSE. \par
\par
\par
(10) Stephane Carrez (m68hc11-elf/m68hc12-elf targets only) \par
Copyright (C) 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 Stephane Carrez (stcarrez@nerim.fr) \par
\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, \par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided \par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this \par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, \par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. \par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors \par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that \par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where \par
they apply. \par
\par
\par
(11) Christopher G. Demetriou \par
Copyright (c) 2001 Christopher G. Demetriou \par
All rights reserved. \par
\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met: \par
\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products \par
derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES \par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. \par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, \par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT \par
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, \par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY \par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT \par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF \par
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
(12) SuperH, Inc. \par
Copyright 2002 SuperH, Inc. All rights reserved \par
\par
\par
This software is the property of SuperH, Inc (SuperH) which specifically \par
grants the user the right to modify, use and distribute this software \par
provided this notice is not removed or altered. All other rights are \par
reserved by SuperH. \par
\par
\par
SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO \par
THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, \par
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM \par
THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. \par
\par
\par
So that all may benefit from your experience, please report any problems \par
or suggestions about this software to the SuperH Support Center via \par
e-mail at softwaresupport@superh.com . \par
\par
\par
SuperH, Inc. \par
405 River Oaks Parkway \par
San Jose \par
CA 95134 \par
USA \par
\par
\par
(13) Royal Institute of Technology \par
Copyright (c) 1999 Kungliga Tekniska H\u246ogskolan \par
(Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden). \par
All rights reserved. \par
\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met: \par
\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
3. Neither the name of KTH nor the names of its contributors may be \par
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without \par
specific prior written permission. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY \par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR \par
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE \par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR \par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF \par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR \par
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, \par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR \par
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
(14) Alexey Zelkin \par
Copyright (c) 2000, 2001 Alexey Zelkin <phantom@FreeBSD.org> \par
All rights reserved. \par
\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met: \par
\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND \par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE \par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS \par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) \par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT \par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY \par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF \par
SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
(15) Andrey A. Chernov \par
Copyright (C) 1997 by Andrey A. Chernov, Moscow, Russia. \par
All rights reserved. \par
\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met: \par
\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND \par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE \par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS \par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) \par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT \par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY \par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF \par
SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
(16) FreeBSD \par
Copyright (c) 1997-2002 FreeBSD Project. \par
All rights reserved. \par
\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met: \par
\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND \par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS \par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) \par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT \par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY \par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF \par
SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
(17) S. L. Moshier \par
Author: S. L. Moshier. \par
\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1984,2000 S.L. Moshier \par
\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any \par
purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice \par
is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy \par
or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting \par
documentation for such software. \par
\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED \par
WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION \par
OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS \par
SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. \par
\par
\par
(18) Citrus Project \par
Copyright (c)1999 Citrus Project, \par
All rights reserved. \par
\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met: \par
\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND \par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE \par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS \par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) \par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT \par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY \par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF \par
SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
(19) Todd C. Miller \par
Copyright (c) 1998 Todd C. Miller <Todd.Miller@courtesan.com> \par
All rights reserved. \par
\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met: \par
\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products \par
derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, \par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY \par
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL \par
THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, \par
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; \par
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, \par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR \par
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF \par
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
(20) DJ Delorie (i386) \par
Copyright (C) 1991 DJ Delorie \par
All rights reserved. \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms is permitted \par
provided that the above copyright notice and following paragraph are \par
duplicated in all such forms. \par
\par
\par
This file is distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied \par
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. \par
\par
\par
(21) Free Software Foundation LGPL License (*-linux* targets only) \par
Copyright (C) 1990-1999, 2000, 2001 Free Software Foundation, Inc. \par
This file is part of the GNU C Library. \par
Contributed by Mark Kettenis <kettenis@phys.uva.nl>, 1997.\par
\par
\par
 The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or \par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public \par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either \par
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
\par
 The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, \par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of \par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU \par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
\par
\par
 You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public \par
License along with the GNU C Library; if not, write to the Free \par
Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA \par
02110-1301 USA. \par
\par
\par
(22) Xavier Leroy LGPL License (i[3456]86-*-linux* targets only) \par
Copyright (C) 1996 Xavier Leroy (Xavier.Leroy@inria.fr) \par
\par
\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or \par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License \par
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 \par
of the License, or (at your option) any later version. \par
\par
\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, \par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of \par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the \par
GNU Library General Public License for more details. \par
\par
\par
(23) Intel (i960) \par
Copyright (c) 1993 Intel Corporation \par
\par
\par
Intel hereby grants you permission to copy, modify, and distribute this \par
software and its documentation. Intel grants this permission provided \par
that the above copyright notice appears in all copies and that both the \par
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting \par
documentation. In addition, Intel grants this permission provided that \par
you prominently mark as "not part of the original" any modifications \par
made to this software or documentation, and that the name of Intel \par
Corporation not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to \par
distribution of the software or the documentation without specific, \par
written prior permission. \par
\par
\par
Intel Corporation provides this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR \par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY \par
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Intel makes no guarantee or \par
representations regarding the use of, or the results of the use of, \par
the software and documentation in terms of correctness, accuracy, \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and you rely on the software, \par
documentation and results solely at your own risk. \par
\par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, \par
LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES \par
OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM \par
PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. \par
\par
\par
(24) Hewlett-Packard (hppa targets only) \par
(c) Copyright 1986 HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY \par
To anyone who acknowledges that this file is provided "AS IS" \par
without any express or implied warranty:\par
\par
\par
 permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this file \par
for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that \par
the above copyright notice and this notice appears in all \par
copies, and that the name of Hewlett-Packard Company not be \par
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution \par
of the software without specific, written prior permission. \par
Hewlett-Packard Company makes no representations about the \par
suitability of this software for any purpose. \par
\par
\par
(25) Henry Spencer (only *-linux targets) \par
Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry Spencer. All rights reserved. \par
This software is not subject to any license of the American Telephone \par
and Telegraph Company or of the Regents of the University of California. \par
\par
\par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose on \par
any computer system, and to alter it and redistribute it, subject \par
to the following restrictions: \par
\par
\par
1. The author is not responsible for the consequences of use of this \par
software, no matter how awful, even if they arise from flaws in it. \par
2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented, either by \par
explicit claim or by omission. Since few users ever read sources, \par
credits must appear in the documentation. \par
3. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be \par
misrepresented as being the original software. Since few users \par
ever read sources, credits must appear in the documentation. \par
4. This notice may not be removed or altered. \par
(26) Mike Barcroft \par
Copyright (c) 2001 Mike Barcroft <mike@FreeBSD.org> \par
All rights reserved. \par
\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met: \par
\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND \par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE \par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS \par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) \par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT \par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY \par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF \par
SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
\par
(27) Konstantin Chuguev (--enable-newlib-iconv) \par
Copyright (c) 1999, 2000 \par
Konstantin Chuguev. All rights reserved. \par
\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met: \par
\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND \par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE \par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS \par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) \par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT \par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY \par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF \par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
 iconv (Charset Conversion Library) v2.0 \par
\par
\par
(28) Artem Bityuckiy (--enable-newlib-iconv) \par
Copyright (c) 2003, Artem B. Bityuckiy, SoftMine Corporation. \par
Rights transferred to Franklin Electronic Publishers. \par
\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met: \par
\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND \par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE \par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS \par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) \par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT \par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY \par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF \par
SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
(29) IBM, Sony, Toshiba (only spu-* targets) \par
(C) Copyright 2001,2006, \par
International Business Machines Corporation, \par
Sony Computer Entertainment, Incorporated, \par
Toshiba Corporation, \par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
\par
 * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, \par
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
* Neither the names of the copyright holders nor the names of their \par
\par
\par
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this \par
software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" \par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE \par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR \par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF \par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS \par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN \par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) \par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE \par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
(30) - Alex Tatmanjants (targets using libc/posix) \par
Copyright (c) 1995 Alex Tatmanjants <alex@elvisti.kiev.ua> \par
at Electronni Visti IA, Kiev, Ukraine. \par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met:\par
\par
\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND \par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE \par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS \par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) \par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT \par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY \par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF \par
SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
(31) - M. Warner Losh (targets using libc/posix) \par
Copyright (c) 1998, M. Warner Losh <imp@freebsd.org> \par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met:\par
\par
\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND \par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE \par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS \par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) \par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT \par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY \par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF \par
SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
(32) - Andrey A. Chernov (targets using libc/posix) \par
Copyright (C) 1996 by Andrey A. Chernov, Moscow, Russia. \par
All rights reserved. \par
\par
\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met:\par
\par
\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND \par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE \par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS \par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) \par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT \par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY \par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF \par
SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
(33) - Daniel Eischen (targets using libc/posix) \par
Copyright (c) 2001 Daniel Eischen <deischen@FreeBSD.org>. \par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met:\par
\par
\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND \par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE \par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS \par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) \par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT \par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY \par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF \par
SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
(34) - Jon Beniston (only lm32-* targets) \par
Contributed by Jon Beniston <jon@beniston.com>\par
\par
\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met:\par
\par
\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND \par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE \par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS \par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) \par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT \par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY \par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF \par
SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
(35) - ARM Ltd (arm and thumb variant targets only) \par
Copyright (c) 2009 ARM Ltd\par
\par
\par
 All rights reserved.\par
\par
\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
\par
\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
\par
\par
 are met:\par
\par
\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
3. The name of the company may not be used to endorse or promote \par
products derived from this software without specific prior written \par
permission. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
\par
\par
 WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
\par
\par
 MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
\par
\par
 IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
\par
\par
 SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED\par
\par
\par
 TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
\par
\par
 PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
\par
\par
 LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
\par
\par
 NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
\par
\par
 SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
(36) - CodeSourcery, Inc. \par
Copyright (c) 2009 CodeSourcery, Inc. \par
All rights reserved. \par
\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
\par
 * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
* Neither the name of CodeSourcery nor the \par
names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products \par
derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. ``AS IS'' AND ANY \par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED \par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE \par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY \par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES \par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; \par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND \par
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT \par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS \par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
\par
(37) MIPS Technologies, Inc \par
/* \par
* Copyright (c) 2009 MIPS Technologies, Inc. \par
* \par
* All rights reserved. \par
* \par
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
* are met: \par
* \par
* * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
* notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
* * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above \par
* copyright \par
* notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer \par
* in the documentation and/or other materials provided with \par
* the distribution. \par
* * Neither the name of MIPS Technologies Inc. nor the names of its \par
* contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived \par
* from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
* \par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS \par
* "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT \par
* LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR \par
* A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT \par
* OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, \par
* SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT \par
* LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, \par
* DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY \par
* THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT \par
* (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE \par
* OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
*/ \par
 \par
\par
\par
      \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
WindRiver BSP Template Files\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
These materials are Copyright (c) Wind River Systems, Inc. (and maybe others). Xilinx does not grant or sublicense to Licensee any rights to these materials. Licensee must contact Wind River Systems, Inc., 500 Wind River Way, Alameda, CA 94051, to obtain a license to redistribute these materials. \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Part Three: Other Third-Party Content.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Index:\par
\par
7-zip  \par
abc\par
ABC: System for Sequential Synthesis and Verification  \par
ANTLR\par
Apache FOP (Formatting Objects Processor, including Apache Batik)  \par
ATL Server\par
AXI BFM (bus functional models)\par
axi_protocol_checker\par
binutils (added 3/30/2012)\par
binutils (for MicroBlaze)  \par
binutils (for PowerPC)  \par
blueprint css\par
Boost v 1.53.0\par
ca-bundle.crt\par
Callbacks\par
Centerpoint  \par
cJSON\par
C math library\par
COIN-OR\par
Commons I/O  \par
CUDD: CU Decision Diagram Package  \par
Curl 7.15.3\par
Curl 7.21.7\par
curl 7.31.0\par
defparser/lefparser\par
Digilent CSE Plug-in and Adept Runtime\par
Eclipse\par
Eclipse (AESL)\par
Eclipse CDT\par
Eclipse CDT (AESL)\par
Eclipse CDT DSF\par
Eclipse CDT Launch Remote\par
Eclipse Dynamic Languages Toolkit\par
Eclipse MOXy\par
Eclipse TM\par
Eclipse TM (RSE)\par
GCC\par
gdb (added 3/30/2012)\par
gdb (for MicroBlaze)  \par
gdb (for PowerPC)  \par
git 1.8.3\par
GnuWin CoreUtils\par
GnuWin Grep\par
GnuWin Libiconv-2\par
GnuWin Libintl-3\par
GnuWin Make\par
GnuWin PcRe\par
GnuWin Sed\par
Google gson\par
Google Perftools  \par
Google Perftools (AESL)\par
Google Protobuf\par
graphviz\par
graphviz 2.18\par
graphviz-2.28.0 (AESL)  \par
Guava 14.0.1\par
IBM Instruction Set Simulator (ISS) for PPC405 and for PPC440  \par
Info-Zip  \par
iText PDF  \par
JArgs\par
Java Platform, Standard Edition (Development Kit, Runtime Environment) \par
JDOM  \par
JDOM (AESL)\par
JIDE\par
jQuery  \par
JRE (AESL)\par
Jungo 10.3.1 (certain files)\par
libconfig  \par
libedit \par
Liberty Parser\par
libftdi v0.02  \par
libgcc_s  \par
libgomp\par
libpcap  \par
libpng  \par
libstdc++\par
libunwind\par
libusb 1.0.9\par
LibXML2 \par
LibXSLT  \par
llvm\par
llvm 3.3\par
llvm-gcc\par
logback and SL4FJ API  \par
Lpsolve\par
LLVM 3.1  \par
Matlab Compiler Runtime (MCR) \par
MD5 Message Digest Code (AESL)\par
Micron Simulation Models  \par
MiGLayout\par
minGW (AESL)\par
MinGW-w32 v 20111219\par
MinGW-w64  \par
Minizip  \par
MLPart\par
MNG Library (libmng)  \par
MPFR\par
MPIR\par
Nlview\par
omega (AESL)\par
Opencores OR1200  \par
Opencores USB  \par
Opencores wishbone connection matrix\par
OpenSSL\par
parsetcl.dtx\par
Pthreads_win32\par
rtx  \par
SDC\par
Softfloat (part of the Testfloat software distribution)  \par
Software from University of Minnesota\par
Sparse Hash (AESL)\par
sqlite (AESL)\par
STLPort v5.1 and 5.1.5\par
STLPort v5.2.1\par
stringTemplate  \par
SVG Salamander\par
SwingX\par
SystemC (AESL)\par
tcf agent 1.1\par
TCF Eclipse plug-ins with TCF debugger\par
TCL (AESL)\par
Tcl Distributed Programming (Tcl-DP)  \par
Tcl v8.4.14\par
Tcl v8.5.6\par
TclBlend  \par
Tcllib  \par
tDOM (AESL)\par
tecla\par
TLM (AESL)\par
U-Boot\par
Uncommons Math API - BitString class  \par
Visual C++ Redistributables \par
WinPCap  \par
Xalan C++  XSLT processor  \par
Xerces-C\par
Xerces C++ XML Parser (AESL)\par
Xerces C++ Parser  \par
XML Parser  \par
Xml-text-editor  \par
XSLT library  \par
zlib\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Licenses and Notices:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
7-zip\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
  7-Zip source code\par
  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~\par
  License for use and distribution\par
  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~\par
\par
  7-Zip Copyright (C) 1999-2009 Igor Pavlov.\par
\par
  Licenses for files are:\par
\par
    1) [Removed; Not applicable to the version Xilinx distributes]\par
    2) All other files:  GNU LGPL\par
\par
  \par
  GNU LGPL information\par
  --------------------\par
\par
    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
    modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
    License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
    version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
    This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
    Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
\par
    You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
    License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software\par
    Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
abc\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
ABC: System for Sequential Synthesis and Verification\par
\par
http://www.eecs.berkeley.edu/~alanmi/abc/\par
\par
Copyright (c) The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without license or\par
royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its\par
documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright notice and\par
the following two paragraphs appear in all copies of this software.\par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF\par
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF\par
CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,\par
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS,\par
AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE,\par
SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/****************************************************************************************\par
[solver.h]\par
Copyright (c) 2008, Niklas Sorensson\par
              2008, Koen Claessen\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and\par
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,\par
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,\par
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or\par
substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT\par
NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,\par
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT\par
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
**************************************************************************************************/\par
\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* zlib.h -- interface of the 'zlib' general purpose compression library\par
  version 1.2.7, May 2nd, 2012\par
  Copyright (C) 1995-2012 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler\par
  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied\par
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages\par
  arising from the use of this software.\par
  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\par
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it\par
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not\par
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software\par
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be\par
     appreciated but is not required.\par
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
     misrepresented as being the original software.\par
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
  Jean-loup Gailly        Mark Adler\par
  jloup@gzip.org          madler@alumni.caltech.edu\par
\par
*/\par
\par
**************************************************************************************************/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
===========================================================================\par
// gzstream, C++ iostream classes wrapping the zlib compression library.\par
// Copyright (C) 2001  Deepak Bandyopadhyay, Lutz Kettner\par
//\par
// This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
// modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
// License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
// version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
//\par
// This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
// but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
// MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
// Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
//\par
// You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
// License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software\par
// Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA\par
// ==========================================================================\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/**************************************************************************************************\par
MiniSat -- Copyright (c) 2005, Niklas Sorensson\par
http://www.cs.chalmers.se/Cs/Research/FormalMethods/MiniSat/\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and\par
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,\par
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,\par
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or\par
substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT\par
NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,\par
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT\par
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
**************************************************************************************************/\par
// Modified to compile with MS Visual Studio 6.0 by Alan Mishchenko\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/**************************************************************************************************\par
MiniSat -- Copyright (c) 2005, Niklas Sorensson\par
http://www.cs.chalmers.se/Cs/Research/FormalMethods/MiniSat/\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and\par
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,\par
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,\par
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or\par
substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT\par
NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,\par
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT\par
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
**************************************************************************************************/\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
ABC: System for Sequential Synthesis and Verification\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (c) The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright notice and\par
the following two paragraphs appear in all copies of this software.\par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
ANTLR \par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
[The "BSD license"]\par
Copyright (c) 2010 Terence Parr\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 [The "BSD license"]\par
 Copyright (c) 2005-2009 Terence Parr\par
 All rights reserved.\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
     derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 [The "BSD licence"]\par
 Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Leon, Jen-Yuan Su\par
 All rights reserved.\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 [The "BSD license"]\par
 Copyright (c) 2007 Kenny MacDermid\par
 All rights reserved.\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * [The "BSD license"]\par
 *  Copyright (c) 2010 Terence Parr and Alan Condit\par
 *  Copyright (c) 2006 Kay Roepke (Objective-C runtime)\par
 *  All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 *  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 *  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 *  are met:\par
 *  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 *  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 *  3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
 *      derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 *  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 *  IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 *  OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 *  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 *  INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 *  NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 *  DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 *  THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 *  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 *  THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 [The "BSD license"]\par
 Copyright (c) 2005-2009 Terence Parr\par
 All rights reserved.\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
     derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 [The "BSD license"]\par
 Copyright (c) 2009 Shaoting Cai\par
 All rights reserved.\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 [The "BSD licence"]\par
 Copyright (c) 2010 Kyle Yetter\par
 All rights reserved.\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 [The "BSD licence"]\par
 Copyright (c) 2009 Shaoting Cai\par
 All rights reserved.\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 [The "BSD licence"]\par
 Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Leon Jen-Yuan Su\par
 All rights reserved.\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * [The "BSD licence"]\par
 * Copyright (c) 2005-2008 Terence Parr\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Conversion to C#:\par
 * Copyright (c) 2008-2010 Sam Harwell, Pixel Mine, Inc.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
 *    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 * OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 * IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 * INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 * NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 * DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 * THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 * (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * [The "BSD license"]\par
 *  Copyright (c) 2010 Terence Parr\par
 *  All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 *  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 *  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 *  are met:\par
 *  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 *  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 *  3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
 *      derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 *  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 *  IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 *  OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 *  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 *  INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 *  NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 *  DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 *  THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 *  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 *  THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/**\par
 [The "BSD licence"]\par
 ANTLR        - Copyright (c) 2005-2008 Terence Parr\par
 Maven Plugin - Copyright (c) 2009      Jim Idle\par
 All rights reserved.\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 [The "BSD licence"]\par
 Copyright (c) 2009 Shaoting Cai\par
 All rights reserved.\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * [The "BSD license"]\par
 *  Copyright (c) 2010 Terence Parr\par
 *  All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 *  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 *  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 *  are met:\par
 *  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 *  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 *  3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
 *      derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 *  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 *  IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 *  OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 *  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 *  INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 *  NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 *  DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 *  THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 *  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 *  THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 */\par
/*\par
Please excuse my obvious lack of Java experience. The code here is probably\par
full of WTFs - though IMHO Java is the Real WTF(TM) here...\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * [The "BSD license"]\par
 *  Copyright (c) 2010 Terence Parr\par
 *  All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 *  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 *  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 *  are met:\par
 *  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 *  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 *  3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
 *      derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 *  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 *  IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 *  OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 *  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 *  INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 *  NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 *  DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 *  THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 *  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 *  THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/**\par
[The "BSD licence"]\par
ANTLR        - Copyright (c) 2005-2008 Terence Parr\par
Maven Plugin - Copyright (c) 2009      Jim Idle\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Apache FOP (Formatting Objects Processor, including Apache Batik)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
\par
       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
\par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
This product includes software developed by\par
The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
Apache Batik\par
Copyright 1999-2007 The Apache Software Foundation\par
\par
This product includes software developed at\par
The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).\par
\par
This software contains code from the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) for the \par
Document Object Model API (DOM API) and SVG Document Type Definition (DTD).\par
\par
This software contains code from the International Organisation for\par
Standardization for the definition of character entities used in the software's\par
documentation.\par
\par
This product includes images from the Tango Desktop Project\par
(http://tango.freedesktop.org/).\par
\par
This product includes images from the Pasodoble Icon Theme\par
(http://www.jesusda.com/projects/pasodoble).\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
Apache Jakarta Commons IO\par
Copyright 2001-2007 The Apache Software Foundation\par
\par
This product includes software developed by\par
The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
Apache XML Graphics Commons\par
Copyright 2006-2007 The Apache Software Foundation\par
\par
This product includes software developed at\par
The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
   =========================================================================\par
   ==  NOTICE file corresponding to section 4(d) of the Apache License,   ==\par
   ==  Version 2.0, in this case for the Apache Xalan serializer          ==\par
   ==  distribution.                                                      ==\par
   =========================================================================\par
\par
   This product includes software developed by IBM Corporation (http://www.ibm.com)\par
   and The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).\par
\par
   Portions of this software was originally based on the following:\par
     - software copyright (c) 1999-2002, Lotus Development Corporation.,\par
       http://www.lotus.com.\par
     - software copyright (c) 2001-2002, Sun Microsystems.,\par
       http://www.sun.com.\par
     - software copyright (c) 2003, IBM Corporation., http://www.ibm.com.\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
   =========================================================================\par
   ==  NOTICE file corresponding to section 4(d) of the Apache License,   ==\par
   ==  Version 2.0, in this case for the Apache Xalan distribution.       ==\par
   =========================================================================\par
\par
   This product includes software developed by\par
   The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).\par
\par
   Portions of this software was originally based on the following:\par
     - software copyright (c) 1999-2002, Lotus Development Corporation.,\par
       http://www.lotus.com.\par
     - software copyright (c) 2001-2002, Sun Microsystems.,\par
       http://www.sun.com.\par
     - software copyright (c) 2003, IBM Corporation., http://www.ibm.com.\par
     - voluntary contributions made by Ovidiu Predescu <ovidiu@cup.hp.com> on\par
       behalf of the Apache Software Foundation that was originally developed\par
       at Hewlett Packard Company. \par
\par
   The binary distribution package (ie. jars, samples and documentation) of\par
   this product includes software developed by the following:\par
       \par
     - The Apache Software Foundation \par
         - Xerces Java - see xercesImpl.README.txt \par
         - JAXP 1.3 APIs - see xml-apis.README.txt\par
         - Bytecode Engineering Library - see BCEL.README.txt\par
         - Regular Expression - see regexp.README.txt\par
       \par
     - Scott Hudson, Frank Flannery, C. Scott Ananian \par
         - CUP Parser Generator runtime (javacup\runtime) - see runtime.README.txt \par
 \par
 \par
   The source distribution package (ie. all source and tools required to build\par
   Xalan Java) of this product includes software developed by the following:\par
       \par
     - The Apache Software Foundation\par
         - Xerces Java - see xercesImpl.README.txt \par
         - JAXP 1.3 APIs - see xml-apis.README.txt\par
         - Bytecode Engineering Library - see BCEL.README.txt\par
         - Regular Expression - see regexp.README.txt\par
         - Ant - see ant.README.txt\par
         - Stylebook doc tool - see stylebook-1.0-b3_xalan-2.README.txt    \par
       \par
     - Elliot Joel Berk and C. Scott Ananian \par
         - Lexical Analyzer Generator (JLex) - see JLex.README.txt\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
   =========================================================================\par
   ==  NOTICE file corresponding to section 4(d) of the Apache License,   ==\par
   ==  Version 2.0, in this case for the Apache Xerces distribution.      ==\par
   =========================================================================\par
\par
   This product includes software developed by\par
   The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).\par
\par
   Portions of this software were originally based on the following:\par
     - software copyright (c) 1999, IBM Corporation., http://www.ibm.com.\par
     - software copyright (c) 1999, Sun Microsystems., http://www.sun.com.\par
     - voluntary contributions made by Paul Eng on behalf of the \par
       Apache Software Foundation that were originally developed at iClick, Inc.,\par
       software copyright (c) 1999.\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
   =========================================================================\par
   ==  NOTICE file corresponding to section 4(d) of the Apache License,   ==\par
   ==  Version 2.0, in this case for the Apache xml-commons xml-apis      ==\par
   ==  distribution.                                                      ==\par
   =========================================================================\par
\par
   This product includes software developed by The Apache Software Foundation \par
   (http://www.apache.org/).\par
\par
   Portions of this software were originally based on the following:\par
     - software copyright (c) 1999, IBM Corporation., http://www.ibm.com.\par
     - software copyright (c) 1999, Sun Microsystems., http://www.sun.com.\par
     - software copyright (c) 2000 World Wide Web Consortium, http://www.w3.org\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
   =========================================================================\par
   ==  NOTICE file corresponding to section 4(d) of the Apache License,   ==\par
   ==  Version 2.0, in this case for the Apache xml-commons xml-apis      ==\par
   ==  distribution.                                                      ==\par
   =========================================================================\par
\par
   Apache XML Commons XML APIs\par
   Copyright 2006 The Apache Software Foundation.\par
\par
   This product includes software developed at\par
   The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).\par
\par
   Portions of this software were originally based on the following:\par
     - software copyright (c) 1999, IBM Corporation., http://www.ibm.com.\par
     - software copyright (c) 1999, Sun Microsystems., http://www.sun.com.\par
     - software copyright (c) 2000 World Wide Web Consortium, http://www.w3.org\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
The text of the Apache License, Version 2.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Apache Software License, Version 1.1\par
*\par
* Copyright (c) 2001 The Apache Software Foundation.  All rights\par
* reserved.\par
*\par
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
* are met:\par
*\par
* 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
*    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
*\par
* 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
*    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
*    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
*    distribution.\par
*\par
* 3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,\par
*    if any, must include the following acknowledgment:\par
*       "This product includes software developed by the\par
*        Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."\par
*    Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,\par
*    if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.\par
*\par
* 4. The names "Apache" and "Apache Software Foundation" and \par
*    "Apache BCEL" must not be used to endorse or promote products \par
*    derived from this software without prior written permission. For \par
*    written permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
*\par
* 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache",\par
*    "Apache BCEL", nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without \par
*    prior written permission of the Apache Software Foundation.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
* WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
* DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR\par
* ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
* SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
* LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF\par
* USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND\par
* ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
* OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT\par
* OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
* SUCH DAMAGE.\par
* ====================================================================\par
*\par
* This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many\par
* individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more\par
* information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see\par
* <http://www.apache.org/>.\par
*/\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
 * The Apache Software License, Version 1.1\par
 *\par
 *\par
 * Copyright (c) 1999 The Apache Software Foundation.  All rights \par
 * reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 *\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
 *\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
 *    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
 *    distribution.\par
 *\par
 * 3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,\par
 *    if any, must include the following acknowledgment:  \par
 *       "This product includes software developed by the\par
 *        Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."\par
 *    Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,\par
 *    if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.\par
 *\par
 * 4. The names "Xerces" and "Apache Software Foundation" must\par
 *    not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
 *    software without prior written permission. For written \par
 *    permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
 *\par
 * 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache",\par
 *    nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without prior written\par
 *    permission of the Apache Software Foundation.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 * OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
 * DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR\par
 * ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
 * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
 * LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF\par
 * USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND\par
 * ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
 * OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT\par
 * OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 * SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 * ====================================================================\par
 *\par
 * This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many\par
 * individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation and was\par
 * originally based on software copyright (c) 1999, International\par
 * Business Machines, Inc., http://www.ibm.com.  For more\par
 * information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see\par
 * <http://www.apache.org/>.\par
 */\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
CUP Parser Generator Copyright Notice, License, and Disclaimer\par
(runtime.jar component)\par
\par
Copyright 1996-1999 by Scott Hudson, Frank Flannery, C. Scott Ananian \par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its \par
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided \par
that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both\par
the copyright notice and this permission notice and warranty disclaimer \par
appear in supporting documentation, and that the names of the authors \par
or their employers not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining \par
to distribution of the software without specific, written prior permission. \par
\par
The authors and their employers disclaim all warranties with regard to \par
this software, including all implied warranties of merchantability \par
and fitness. In no event shall the authors or their employers be liable \par
for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages \par
whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action \par
of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or \par
in connection with the use or performance of this software. \par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
xml-commons/java/external/README.dom.txt \par
\par
HEAR YE, HEAR YE!\par
\par
All of the .java software and associated documentation about \par
the DOM in this repository are distributed under the license \par
from the W3C, which is provided herein.\par
\par
LICENSE.dom-software.txt covers all software from the W3C \par
including the following items in the xml-commons project:\par
\par
    xml-commons/java/external/src/org/w3c\par
      and all subdirectories\par
      \par
(Note: SAC (The Simple API for CSS) has been published under an older\par
version of the W3C license. The original license file is LICENSE.sac.html.)\par
\par
LICENSE.dom-documentation.txt covers all documentation from the W3C \par
including the following items in the xml-commons project:\par
\par
    xml-commons/java/external/xdocs/dom\par
      and all subdirectories\par
\par
The actual DOM Java Language Binding classes in xml-commons came from: \par
    http://www.w3.org/TR/2004/REC-DOM-Level-3-Core-20040407/java-binding.html\par
    \par
The specification of DOM Level 3's various parts is at:\par
    http://www.w3.org/TR/2004/REC-DOM-Level-3-Core-20040407/\par
    http://www.w3.org/TR/2004/REC-DOM-Level-3-LS-20040407/\par
    http://www.w3.org/TR/2004/NOTE-DOM-Level-3-XPath-20040226/\par
\par
The specification of DOM Level 2's various parts is at:\par
    http://www.w3.org/TR/2000/REC-DOM-Level-2-Events-20001113/\par
    http://www.w3.org/TR/2000/REC-DOM-Level-2-Style-20001113/\par
    http://www.w3.org/TR/2000/REC-DOM-Level-2-Traversal-Range-20001113/\par
    http://www.w3.org/TR/2000/REC-DOM-Level-2-Views-20001113/\par
    \par
The specification of DOM Level 1's various parts is at:\par
    http://www.w3.org/TR/1998/REC-DOM-Level-1-19981001/level-one-html.html\par
\par
Links to all available W3C DOM Java Bindings can be found at:\par
    http://www.w3.org/DOM/DOMTR\par
\par
The actual classes of The Simple API for CSS (SAC) came from:\par
    http://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/SAC/\par
    http://www.w3.org/2002/06/sacjava-1.3.zip\par
\par
The actual DOM Java Language Binding classes for SMIL came from:\par
    http://dev.w3.org/cvsweb/java/classes/org/w3c/dom/smil/\par
    (both ElementTimeControl.java and TimeEvent.java were taken at revision 1.1)\par
\par
The actual DOM Java Language Binding classes for SVG 1.1 came from:\par
    http://www.w3.org/TR/SVG11/java.html\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
xml-commons/java/external/LICENSE.dom-documentation.txt \par
\par
This license came from: http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/copyright-documents-20021231\par
\par
W3C\u174R DOCUMENT LICENSE\par
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2002/copyright-documents-20021231\par
\par
Public documents on the W3C site are provided by the copyright holders under\par
the following license. By using and/or copying this document, or the W3C\par
document from which this statement is linked, you (the licensee) agree that\par
you have read, understood, and will comply with the following terms and\par
conditions:\par
\par
Permission to copy, and distribute the contents of this document, or the W3C\par
document from which this statement is linked, in any medium for any purpose\par
and without fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the\par
following on ALL copies of the document, or portions thereof, that you use:\par
\par
  1. A link or URL to the original W3C document.\par
  2. The pre-existing copyright notice of the original author, or if it\par
     doesn't exist, a notice (hypertext is preferred, but a textual\par
     representation is permitted) of the form: "Copyright \u169C [$date-of-document]\par
     World Wide Web Consortium, (Massachusetts Institute of Technology,\par
     European Research Consortium for Informatics and Mathematics, Keio\par
     University). All Rights Reserved.\par
     http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2002/copyright-documents-20021231"\par
  3. If it exists, the STATUS of the W3C document.\par
  \par
When space permits, inclusion of the full text of this NOTICE should be\par
provided. We request that authorship attribution be provided in any software,\par
documents, or other items or products that you create pursuant to the\par
implementation of the contents of this document, or any portion thereof.\par
\par
No right to create modifications or derivatives of W3C documents is granted\par
pursuant to this license. However, if additional requirements (documented in\par
the Copyright FAQ) are satisfied, the right to create modifications or\par
derivatives is sometimes granted by the W3C to individuals complying with\par
those requirements.\par
\par
THIS DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO\par
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,\par
NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR TITLE; THAT THE CONTENTS OF THE DOCUMENT ARE SUITABLE\par
FOR ANY PURPOSE; NOR THAT THE IMPLEMENTATION OF SUCH CONTENTS WILL NOT\par
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE DOCUMENT OR THE\par
PERFORMANCE OR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE CONTENTS THEREOF.\par
\par
The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising\par
or publicity pertaining to this document or its contents without specific,\par
written prior permission. Title to copyright in this document will at all\par
times remain with copyright holders.\par
\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
This formulation of W3C's notice and license became active on December 31 2002.\par
This version removes the copyright ownership notice such that this license can\par
be used with materials other than those owned by the W3C, moves information on\par
style sheets, DTDs, and schemas to the Copyright FAQ, reflects that ERCIM is \par
now a host of the W3C, includes references to this specific dated version of \par
the license, and removes the ambiguous grant of "use". See the older \par
formulation for the policy prior to this date. Please see our Copyright FAQ for\par
common questions about using materials from our site, such as the translating\par
or annotating specifications. Other questions about this notice can be directed\par
to site-policy@w3.org.\par
\par
Joseph Reagle <site-policy@w3.org> \par
\par
Last revised by Reagle Date: 2005-06-03 18:49:13 -0400 (Fri, 03 Jun 2005) \par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
xml-commons/java/external/LICENSE.dom-software.txt \par
\par
This license came from: http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/copyright-software-20021231\par
\par
W3C\u174R SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE\par
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2002/copyright-software-20021231\par
\par
This work (and included software, documentation such as READMEs, or other\par
related items) is being provided by the copyright holders under the following\par
license. By obtaining, using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree\par
that you have read, understood, and will comply with the following terms and\par
conditions.\par
\par
Permission to copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation,\par
with or without modification, for any purpose and without fee or royalty is\par
hereby granted, provided that you include the following on ALL copies of the\par
software and documentation or portions thereof, including modifications:\par
\par
  1. The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the\par
     redistributed or derivative work. \par
  2. Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms\par
     and conditions. If none exist, the W3C Software Short Notice should be\par
     included (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) within the body\par
     of any redistributed or derivative code.\par
  3. Notice of any changes or modifications to the files, including the date\par
     changes were made. (We recommend you provide URIs to the location from\par
     which the code is derived.)\par
     \par
THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE\par
NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED\par
TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT\par
THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY\par
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.\par
\par
The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising or\par
publicity pertaining to the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
Title to copyright in this software and any associated documentation will at\par
all times remain with copyright holders.\par
\par
____________________________________\par
\par
This formulation of W3C's notice and license became active on December 31 2002.\par
This version removes the copyright ownership notice such that this license can\par
be used with materials other than those owned by the W3C, reflects that ERCIM\par
is now a host of the W3C, includes references to this specific dated version of\par
the license, and removes the ambiguous grant of "use". Otherwise, this version\par
is the same as the previous version and is written so as to preserve the Free\par
Software Foundation's assessment of GPL compatibility and OSI's certification\par
under the Open Source Definition. Please see our Copyright FAQ for common\par
questions about using materials from our site, including specific terms and\par
conditions for packages like libwww, Amaya, and Jigsaw. Other questions about\par
this notice can be directed to site-policy@w3.org.\par
 \par
Joseph Reagle <site-policy@w3.org> \par
\par
Last revised by Reagle Date: 2005-06-03 18:49:13 -0400 (Fri, 03 Jun 2005) \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
ATL Server\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Microsoft Limited Permissive License (Ms-LPL)\par
\par
This license governs use of the accompanying software. If you use the software, you accept this license. If you do not accept the license, do not use the software.\par
\par
1. Definitions\par
The terms "reproduce," "reproduction," "derivative works," and "distribution" have the same meaning here as under U.S. copyright law.\par
A "contribution" is the original software, or any additions or changes to the software.\par
A "contributor" is any person that distributes its contribution under this license.\par
"Licensed patents" are a contributor's patent claims that read directly on its contribution.\par
\par
2. Grant of Rights\par
(A) Copyright Grant- Subject to the terms of this license, including the license conditions and limitations in section 3, each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce its contribution, prepare derivative works of its contribution, and distribute its contribution or any derivative works that you create.\par
(B) Patent Grant- Subject to the terms of this license, including the license conditions and limitations in section 3, each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license under its licensed patents to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and/or otherwise dispose of its contribution in the software or derivative works of the contribution in the software.\par
\par
3. Conditions and Limitations\par
(A) No Trademark License- This license does not grant you rights to use any contributors' name, logo, or trademarks.\par
(B) If you bring a patent claim against any contributor over patents that you claim are infringed by the software, your patent license from such contributor to the software ends automatically.\par
(C) If you distribute any portion of the software, you must retain all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices that are present in the software.\par
(D) If you distribute any portion of the software in source code form, you may do so only under this license by including a complete copy of this license with your distribution. If you distribute any portion of the software in compiled or object code form, you may only do so under a license that complies with this license.\par
(E) The software is licensed "as-is." You bear the risk of using it. The contributors give no express warranties, guarantees or conditions. You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws which this license cannot change. To the extent permitted under your local laws, the contributors exclude the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.\par
(F) Platform Limitation- The licenses granted in sections 2(A) & 2(B) extend only to the software or derivative works that you create that run on a Microsoft Windows operating system product.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
AXI BFM (bus functional models)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
AXI BFM are Cadence products, distributed by Xilinx under license from Cadence.  Any sublicense governing AXI BFM granted by Xilinx to any of its customers is per the terms and conditions of the Xilinx End User License Agreement, and no right to distribute AXI BFM is granted by Xilinx to any of its customers.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
axi_protocol_checker\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The axi_protocol_checker is derived from materials owned by ARM Limited and distributed by Xilinx under license from ARM Limited.  Any sublicense governing axi_protocol_checker granted by Xilinx to any of its customers is per the terms and conditions of the Xilinx End User License Agreement, but only for the sole purpose of checking compatibility with the relevant protocol rules of the relevant AMBA specification published by ARM Limited, and no right to distribute axi_protocol_checker is granted by Xilinx to any of its customers.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
binutils (added 3/30/2012)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
BEGIN SOURCE FILE COPYRIGHT INFORMATION\par
#######################################\par
\par
Copyright 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,\par
2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GNU Binutils is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston,\par
MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 2000, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GNU Binutils is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston,\par
MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Libiberty is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
Libiberty is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with libiberty.  If\par
not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
As a special exception, if you link this library with files\par
compiled with a GNU compiler to produce an executable, this does not cause\par
the resulting executable to be covered by the GNU General Public License.\par
This exception does not however invalidate any other reasons why\par
the executable file might be covered by the GNU General Public License.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009,  2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GAS, the GNU Assemble,r is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GAS is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GAS.  If not, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1991, 1994, 1995, 1999, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
The libiberty library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
In addition to the permissions in the GNU General Public License, the\par
Free Software Foundation gives you unlimited permission to link the\par
compiled version of this file into combinations with other programs,\par
and to distribute those combinations without any restriction coming\par
from the use of this file.  (The General Public License restrictions\par
do apply in other respects; for example, they cover modification of\par
the file, and distribution when not linked into a combined\par
executable.)\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
as a special exception, if you link this library with files\par
compiled with a GNU compiler to produce an executable, this does not cause\par
the resulting executable to be covered by the GNU General Public License.\par
This exception does not however invalidate any other reasons why\par
the executable file might be covered by the GNU General Public License.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1997, 2002, 2005 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Libiberty is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
Libiberty is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License along with the GNU C Library; if not, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
02110-1301 USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1989, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000,\par
2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GAS, the GNU Assembler is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GAS is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GAS.  If not, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
02110-1301, USA.  \par
*Mach Operating System\par
Copyright (c) 1993 Carnegie Mellon University\par
All Rights Reserved.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute this software and its\par
documentation is hereby granted, provided that both the copyright\par
notice and this permission notice appear in all copies of the\par
software, derivative works or modified versions, and any portions\par
thereof, and that both notices appear in supporting documentation.\par
CARNEGIE MELLON ALLOWS FREE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE IN ITS\par
CONDITION.  CARNEGIE MELLON DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY OF ANY KIND FOR\par
ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
Carnegie Mellon requests users of this software to return to\par
Software Distribution Coordinator  or  Software.Distribution@CS.CMU.EDU\par
School of Computer Science\par
Carnegie Mellon University\par
Pittsburgh PA 15213-3890\par
any improvements or extensions that they make and grant Carnegie the\par
rights to redistribute these changes.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 2008   Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
GAS, the GNU Assembler, is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GAS is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along\par
with GAS.  If not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston,\par
MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2006 Red Hat Inc.\par
\par
GAS is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
\par
GAS is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GAS.  If not, write to\par
the Free Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330,\par
Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1985, 1988, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
 \par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston,\par
MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,\par
2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
BFD, the Binary File Descriptor library, is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston,\par
MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2007, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
BFD, the Binary File Descriptor library, is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005,\par
              2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Libopcodes is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT\par
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY\par
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public\par
License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,\par
51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990,  1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
The GNU opcodes library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT\par
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY\par
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public\par
License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this file.  If not, write to the\par
Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston,\par
MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998,\par
   1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any\par
later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301,\par
USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1995-2003, 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as published\par
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301,\par
USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Gold is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston,\par
MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
.\par
Elfcpp is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License\par
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
In addition to the permissions in the GNU Library General Public\par
License, the Free Software Foundation gives you unlimited\par
permission to link the compiled version of this file into\par
combinations with other programs, and to distribute those\par
combinations without any restriction coming from the use of this\par
file.  (The Library Public License restrictions do apply in other\par
respects; for example, they cover modification of the file, and\par
distribution when not linked into a combined executable.)\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2007, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GCC.  If not, write to\par
the Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,\par
 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under\par
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free\par
Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any later\par
version.\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT\par
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY\par
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public\par
License for more details.\par
Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program.  If not, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under\par
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free\par
Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any later\par
version.\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY\par
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License\par
for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GCC.  If not see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997,\par
1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GDB is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1991, 1994, 1995, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
GDB is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
Copyright (C) 1991, 1992, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 2002, 2004, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as\par
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the\par
License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with the GNU C Library.  If not,\par
write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1985, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,\par
2002, 2005, 2006, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License along with the GNU C Library; if not, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
02110-1301 USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2009  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
GNU CC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GNU CC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GNU CC.  If not, write to\par
the Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This configure script is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify it.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2000-2003 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
The GNU CHARSET Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as published\par
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301,\par
USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997 John D. Polstra.\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Helper functions for option handling.                    \par
\par
Copyright (C) 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
Written by Gary V. Vaughan, 2004\par
\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1983, 1991, 1993, 1998, 2001, 2002\par
      The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006,\par
2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO\par
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
GNU Libtool is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
\par
As a special exception to the GNU General Public License,\par
if you distribute this file as part of a program or library that\par
is built using GNU Libtool, you may include this file under the\par
same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.\par
\par
GNU Libtool is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GNU Libtool.  If not, a copy\par
can be downloaded from http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html,\par
or obtained by writing to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,\par
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1983, 1990 Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. [rescinded 22 July 1999]\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 2004, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Gnu Linker is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GLD.  If not, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1991,92,93,94,96,97,98,2000,2004,2007,2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along\par
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,\par
Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Makefile for program source directory in GNU NLS utilities package.\par
Copyright (C) 1995, 1996, 1997 by Ulrich Drepper <drepper@gnu.ai.mit.edu>\par
Copyright (C) 2003, 2006, 2007, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This file may be copied and used freely without restrictions.  It can\par
be used in projects which are not available under the GNU Public License\par
but which still want to provide support for the GNU gettext functionality.\par
Please note that the actual code is *not* freely available.\par
\par
#########################\par
 \par
Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,\par
2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009  Free Software Foundation,\par
Inc.\par
\par
Makefile.in is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without\par
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1992, 1991, 1990 MIPS Computer Systems, Inc.\par
MIPS Computer Systems, Inc. grants reproduction and use   \par
rights to all parties, PROVIDED that this comment is      \par
maintained in the copy.                                   \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2004 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
Written by Scott James Remnant, 2004\par
\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1987 Regents of the University of California.\par
 All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
provided that this notice is preserved and that due credit is given\par
to the University of California at Berkeley. The name of the University\par
may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
software without specific written prior permission. This software\par
is provided ``as is'' without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
binutils (for MicroBlaze)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./bfd/COPYING\par
FILE: ./gas/COPYING\par
FILE: ./include/COPYING\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING\par
FILE: ./COPYING.LIB\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU Library General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./libiberty/COPYING.LIB\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
binutils (for PowerPC)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./bfd/COPYING\par
FILE: ./gas/COPYING\par
FILE: ./include/COPYING\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING\par
FILE: ./COPYING.LIB\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU Library General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./libiberty/COPYING.LIB\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
blueprint css\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
FILE: ./LICENSE\par
Blueprint CSS Framework License\par
----------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007-2009 blueprintcss.org\par
\par
The Blueprint CSS Framework is available for use in all personal or\par
commercial projects, under both the (modified) MIT and the GPL license. You\par
may choose the one that fits your project.\par
\par
\par
The (modified) MIT License\par
----------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sub-license, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice, and every other copyright notice found in this\par
software, and all the attributions in every file, and this permission notice\par
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN\par
THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
\par
The GPL License\par
----------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
FILE: ./lib/blueprint/validate/COPYRIGHT.html\par
\par
W3C IPR SOFTWARE NOTICE\par
\par
SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997-2002 World\par
Wide Web Consortium, (Massachusetts Institute of\par
Technology, Institut National de\par
Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University). All Rights\par
Reserved. http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/\par
\par
This W3C work (including software, documents, or other related\par
items) is being provided by the copyright holders under the\par
following license. By obtaining, using and/or copying this work,\par
you (the licensee) agree that you have read, understood, and will\par
comply with the following terms and conditions:\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software\par
and its documentation, with or without modification, for any\par
purpose and without fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that\par
you include the following on ALL copies of the software and\par
documentation or portions thereof, including modifications, that\par
you make:\par
\par
1.  The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of\par
the redistributed or derivative work.\par
\par
2.  Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or\par
terms and conditions. If none exist, a short notice of the\par
following form (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) should\par
be used within the body of any redistributed or derivative code:\par
"Copyright (c) World Wide Web Consortium, \par
Massachusetts Institute of\par
Technology, < Institut National de\par
Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University). All Rights\par
Reserved. http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/"\par
\par
3. Notice of any changes or modifications to the W3C files,\par
including the date changes were made. (We recommend you provide\par
URIs to the location from which the code is derived.).\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND\par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE\par
USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD\par
PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE\par
SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.\par
\par
The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in\par
advertising or publicity pertaining to the software without\par
specific, written prior permission. Title to copyright in this\par
software and any associated documentation will at all times remain\par
with copyright holders.\par
\par
____________________________________\par
\par
This formulation of W3C's notice and license became active on\par
August 14 1998 so as to improve compatibility with GPL. This\par
version ensures that W3C software licensing terms are no more\par
restrictive than GPL and consequently W3C software may be\par
distributed in GPL packages. See the older formulation for\par
the policy prior to this date. Please see our Copyright FAQ for common questions about\par
using materials from our site, including specific terms and\par
conditions for packages like libwww, Amaya, and Jigsaw. Other\par
questions about this notice can be directed to site-policy@w3.org.\par
\par
\par
webmaster\par
 (last updated 2004/05/29 04:04:36)\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
FILE: ./lib/blueprint/validate/JIGSAW_COPYRIGHT\par
\par
\par
W3C IPR SOFTWARE NOTICE\par
\par
Copyright \u169C 1995-1998 World Wide Web Consortium, (Massachusetts Institute of\par
Technology, Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et en\par
Automatique, Keio University). All Rights Reserved.\par
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/\par
\par
This W3C work (including software, documents, or other related items) is\par
being provided by the copyright holders under the following license. By\par
obtaining, using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree that you\par
have read, understood, and will comply with the following terms and\par
conditions:\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, and modify this software and its documentation,\par
with or without modification,  for any purpose and without fee or royalty is\par
hereby granted, provided that you include the following on ALL copies of the\par
software and documentation or portions thereof, including modifications,\par
that you make:\par
\par
  1. The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the\par
     redistributed or derivative work.\par
  2. Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms\par
     and conditions. If none exist, a short notice of the following form\par
     (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) should be used within the\par
     body of any redistributed or derivative code: "Copyright \u169C World Wide\par
     Web Consortium, (Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Institut\par
     National de Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique, Keio\par
     University). All Rights Reserved. http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/"\par
  3. Notice of any changes or modifications to the W3C files, including the\par
     date changes were made. (We recommend you provide URIs to the location\par
     from which the code is derived).\par
\par
In addition, creators of derivitive works must include the full text of this\par
NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the derivitive work.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS\par
MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE\par
ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR\par
DOCUMENTATION.\par
\par
The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising\par
or publicity pertaining to the software without specific, written prior\par
permission. Title to copyright in this software and any associated\par
documentation will at all times remain with copyright holders.\par
\par
____________________________________\par
\par
This formulation of W3C's notice and license became active on August 14\par
1998. See the older formulation for the policy prior to this date. Please\par
see our Copyright FAQ for common questions about using materials from our\par
site, including specific terms and conditions for packages like libwww,\par
Amaya, and Jigsaw. Other questions about this notice can be directed to\par
site-policy@w3.org .\par
\par
webmaster\par
(last updated 14-Aug-1998)\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
FILE: ./lib/blueprint/validate/XERCES_COPYING.txt\par
/*\par
 * The Apache Software License, Version 1.1\par
 *\par
 *\par
 * Copyright (c) 1999 The Apache Software Foundation.  All rights \par
 * reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 *\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
 *\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
 *    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
 *    distribution.\par
 *\par
 * 3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,\par
 *    if any, must include the following acknowledgment:  \par
 *       "This product includes software developed by the\par
 *        Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."\par
 *    Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,\par
 *    if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.\par
 *\par
 * 4. The names "Xerces" and "Apache Software Foundation" must\par
 *    not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
 *    software without prior written permission. For written \par
 *    permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
 *\par
 * 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache",\par
 *    nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without prior written\par
 *    permission of the Apache Software Foundation.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 * OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
 * DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR\par
 * ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
 * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
 * LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF\par
 * USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND\par
 * ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
 * OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT\par
 * OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 * SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 * ====================================================================\par
 *\par
 * This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many\par
 * individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation and was\par
 * originally based on software copyright (c) 1999, International\par
 * Business Machines, Inc., http://www.ibm.com.  For more\par
 * information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see\par
 * <http://www.apache.org/>.\par
 */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Boost v 1.53.0\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003  Permission is hereby\par
granted, free of charge, to any person or organization obtaining a copy of the\par
software and accompanying documentation covered by this license (the "Software")\par
to use, reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and transmit the Software, and\par
to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties to whom\par
the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the following:  The copyright\par
notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the above license\par
grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer, must be included in all\par
copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and all derivative works of the\par
Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely in the form of\par
machine-executable object code generated by a source language processor.  THE\par
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,\par
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN\par
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
---------------\par
NOTICE:\par
jQuery JavaScript Library v1.3.2 http://jquery.com/ Copyright (c) 2009 John\par
Resig Dual licensed under the MIT and GPL licenses.\par
http://docs.jquery.com/License Date: 2009-02-19 17:34:21 -0500 (Thu, 19 Feb\par
2009) Revision: 6246 /\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
---------------\par
AUTHORS:\par
samaxes.com\par
\par
DATES:\par
2008\par
\par
NOTICE: Apache-2.0\par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use\par
this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the\par
License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by\par
applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License\par
is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY\par
KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language\par
governing permissions and limitations under the License.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
---------------\par
NOTICE:\par
Guess values for system-dependent variables and create Makefiles. Generated by\par
GNU Autoconf 2.61. Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000,\par
2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 Free Software Foundation, Inc. This configure\par
script is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives unlimited permission\par
to copy, distribute and modify it. Be more Bourne compatible\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
---------------\par
NOTICE:\par
Boost.Optional Library test Jamfile Copyright (C) 2003, Fernando Luis Cacciola\par
Carballal. This material is provided "as is", with absolutely no warranty\par
expressed or implied. Any use is at your own risk. Permission to use or copy\par
this software for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided the above\par
notices are retained on all copies. Permission to modify the code and to\par
distribute modified code is granted, provided the above notices are retained,\par
and a notice that the code was modified is included with the above copyright\par
notice.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
---------------\par
NOTICE:\par
rational number example program (C) Copyright Paul Moore 1999. Permission to\par
copy, use, modify, sell and distribute this software is granted provided this\par
copyright notice appears in all copies. This software is provided "as is"\par
without express or implied warranty, and with no claim as to its suitability for\par
any purpose. Revision History 14 Dec 99 Initial version\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
---------------\par
NOTICE:\par
A test program for boost/rational.hpp. Change the typedef at the beginning of\par
run_tests() to try out different integer types. (These tests are designed only\par
for signed integer types. They should work for short, int and long.) (C)\par
Copyright Stephen Silver, 2001. Permission to copy, use, modify, sell and\par
distribute this software is granted provided this copyright notice appears in\par
all copies. This software is provided "as is" without express or implied\par
warranty, and with no claim as to its suitability for any purpose. Incorporated\par
into the boost rational number library, and modified and extended, by Paul\par
Moore, with permission. / Revision History 05 Nov 06 Add testing of zero-valued\par
denominators & divisors; casting with types that are not implicitly convertible\par
(Daryle Walker) 04 Nov 06 Resolve GCD issue with depreciation (Daryle Walker) 02\par
Nov 06 Add testing for operator<(int_type) w/ unsigneds (Daryle Walker) 31 Oct\par
06 Add testing for operator<(rational) overflow (Daryle Walker) 18 Oct 06\par
Various fixes for old compilers (Joaquin M Lopez Munoz) 27 Dec 05 Add testing\par
for Boolean conversion operator (Daryle Walker) 24 Dec 05 Change code to use\par
Boost.Test (Daryle Walker) 04 Mar 01 Patches for Intel C++ and GCC (David\par
Abrahams)\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
---------------\par
NOTICE:\par
Copyright David Abrahams 2003. Permission to copy, use, modify, sell and\par
distribute this software is granted provided this copyright notice appears in\par
all copies. This software is provided "as is" without express or implied\par
warranty, and with no claim as to its suitability for any purpose.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
---------------\par
NOTICE:\par
DerivedCoreProperties-5.2.0.txt Date: 2009-08-26, 00:45:22 GMT [MD] Unicode\par
Character Database Copyright (c) 1991-2009 Unicode, Inc. For terms of use, see\par
http://www.unicode.org/terms_of_use.html For documentation, see\par
http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr44/ It is ok to redistribute this file "solely\par
for informational purposes in the creation of products supporting the Unicode\par
Standard". We don't nee to add a Boost License to this file:\par
boostinspect:nolicense. Derived Property: Math Generated from: Sm + Other_Math\par
\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
---------------\par
NOTICE:\par
PropList-5.2.0.txt Date: 2009-08-22, 04:58:40 GMT [MD] Unicode Character\par
Database Copyright (c) 1991-2009 Unicode, Inc. For terms of use, see\par
http://www.unicode.org/terms_of_use.html For documentation, see\par
http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr44/ It is ok to redistribute this file "solely\par
for informational purposes in the creation of products supporting the Unicode\par
Standard". We don't nee to add a Boost License to this file:\par
boostinspect:nolicense.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
---------------\par
NOTICE:\par
Scripts-5.2.0.txt Date: 2009-08-22, 04:58:43 GMT [MD] Unicode Character Database\par
Copyright (c) 1991-2009 Unicode, Inc. For terms of use, see\par
http://www.unicode.org/terms_of_use.html For documentation, see\par
http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr44/ It is ok to redistribute this file "solely\par
for informational purposes in the creation of products supporting the Unicode\par
Standard". We don't nee to add a Boost License to this file:\par
boostinspect:nolicense. Property: Script All code points not explicitly listed\par
for Script have the value Unknown (Zzzz). @missing: 0000..10FFFF; Unknown\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
---------------\par
NOTICE:\par
This file is a modified version of Python 2.2/2.2.1 Python.h. As such it is:\par
Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Python Software Foundation; All Rights Reserved\par
boostinspect:nolicense (don't complain about the lack of a Boost license)\par
Changes from the original: 1. includes <unistd.h> for Python 2.2.1 2. Provides\par
missing extern "C" wrapper for "iterobject.h" and "descrobject.h". Changes\par
marked with "Boost.Python modification"\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
---------------\par
NOTICE:\par
Copyright (c) 2001 Ronald Garcia, Indiana University (garcia@osl.iu.edu) Andrew\par
Lumsdaine, Indiana University (lums@osl.iu.edu). Permission to copy, use,\par
modify, sell and distribute this software is granted provided this copyright\par
notice appears in all copies. This software is provided "as is" without express\par
or implied warranty, and with no claim as to its suitability for any purpose.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
ca-bundle.crt \par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
# The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version\par
# 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
# the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
# http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/\par
#\par
# Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,\par
# WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License\par
# for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the\par
# License.\par
#\par
# The Original Code is the Netscape security libraries.\par
#\par
# The Initial Developer of the Original Code is\par
# Netscape Communications Corporation.\par
# Portions created by the Initial Developer are Copyright (C) 1994-2000\par
# the Initial Developer. All Rights Reserved.\par
#\par
# Contributor(s):\par
#\par
# Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of\par
# either the GNU General Public License Version 2 or later (the "GPL"), or\par
# the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the "LGPL"),\par
# in which case the provisions of the GPL or the LGPL are applicable instead\par
# of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only\par
# under the terms of either the GPL or the LGPL, and not to allow others to\par
# use your version of this file under the terms of the MPL, indicate your\par
# decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice\par
# and other provisions required by the GPL or the LGPL. If you do not delete\par
# the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file under\par
# the terms of any one of the MPL, the GPL or the LGPL.\par
#\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Callbacks\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
 * Copyright (c) 1996 \par
 * Paul Jakubik\par
 *\par
 * Copyright (c) 1994\par
 * Hewlett-Packard Company\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
 * and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
 * that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
 * in supporting documentation.  Hewlett-Packard Company and Paul Jakubik\par
 * make no representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
 * purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Centerpoint\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The text of the Centerpoint Public License, Version1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
cJSON\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
  Copyright (c) 2009 Dave Gamble\par
\par
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN\par
  THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
C math Library\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
* Copyright (C) 2004 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
 * software is freely granted, provided that this notice \par
 * is preserved.\par
 * ====================================================\par
 */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
COIN-OR\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
\par
Blas \par
\par
The following license terms apply to this package:\par
\par
The reference BLAS is a freely-available software package. It is available from netlib via anonymous ftp and the World Wide Web. Thus, it can be included in commercial software packages (and has been). We only ask that proper credit be given to the authors.\par
\par
Like all software, it is copyrighted. It is not trademarked, but we do ask the following:\par
\par
If you modify the source for these routines we ask that you change the name of the routine and comment the changes made to the original.\par
\par
We will gladly answer any questions regarding the software. If a modification is done, however, it is the responsibility of the person who modified the routine to provide support.\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
lapack\par
\par
The following license terms apply to this package:\par
\par
LAPACK is a freely-available software package. It is available from netlib via anonymous ftp and the World Wide Web at http://www.netlib.org/lapack . Thus, it can be included in commercial software packages (and has been). We only ask that proper credit be given to the authors.\par
\par
Like all software, it is copyrighted. It is not trademarked, but we do ask the following:\par
\par
If you modify the source for these routines we ask that you change the name of the routine and comment the changes made to the original.\par
\par
We will gladly answer any questions regarding the software. If a modification is done, however, it is the responsibility of the person who modified the routine to provide support.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1992-2011 The University of Tennessee and The University\par
\par
                        of Tennessee Research Foundation.  All rights\par
\par
                        reserved.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000-2011 The University of California Berkeley. All\par
\par
                        rights reserved.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006-2011 The University of Colorado Denver.  All rights\par
\par
                        reserved.\par
\par
Additional copyrights may follow\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
\par
met:\par
\par
- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
\par
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
\par
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer listed\par
\par
  in this license in the documentation and/or other materials\par
\par
  provided with the distribution.\par
\par
- Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its\par
\par
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
\par
  this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
The copyright holders provide no reassurances that the source code\par
\par
provided does not infringe any patent, copyright, or any other\par
\par
intellectual property rights of third parties.  The copyright holders\par
\par
disclaim any liability to any recipient for claims brought against\par
\par
recipient by any third party for infringement of that parties\par
\par
intellectual property rights.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
\par
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
Alps\par
\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
* This file is part of the Abstract Library for Parallel Search (ALPS).     *\par
 *                                                                           *\par
 * ALPS is distributed under the Eclipse Public License as part of the       *\par
 * COIN-OR repository (http://www.coin-or.org).                              *\par
 *                                                                           *\par
 * Authors:                                                                  *\par
 *                                                                           *\par
 *          Yan Xu, Lehigh University                                        *\par
 *          Ted Ralphs, Lehigh University                                    *\par
 *                                                                           *\par
 * Conceptual Design:                                                        *\par
 *                                                                           *\par
 *          Yan Xu, Lehigh University                                        *\par
 *          Ted Ralphs, Lehigh University                                    *\par
 *          Laszlo Ladanyi, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center                  *\par
 *          Matthew Saltzman, Clemson University                             *\par
 *                                                                           * \par
 *                                                                           *\par
 * Copyright (C) 2001-2011, Lehigh University, Yan Xu, and Ted Ralphs.       *\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
BCP\par
\par
The text of the Common Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
// BCP_message_mpi.cpp is a declaration of BCP_message_mpi\par
// Sonya Marcarelli & Igor Vasil'ev (vil@icc.ru)\par
// All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
// (C) 2000-2007 Copyright International Business Machines Corporation\par
// All Rights Reserved.\par
// Authors :\par
// Pierre Bonami, International Business Machines Corporation\par
// Andreas Waechter, International Business Machines Corporation\par
// Laszlo Ladanyi, International Business Machines Corporation\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
BCPS\par
\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
* This file is part of the Branch, Constrain and Price Software (BiCePS)    *\par
 *                                                                           *\par
 * BiCePS is distributed under the Eclipse Public License as part of the     *\par
 * COIN-OR repository (http://www.coin-or.org).                              *\par
 * Authors:                                                                  *\par
*          Yan Xu, Lehigh University                                        *\par
 *          Ted Ralphs, Lehigh University                                    *\par
* Conceptual Design:                                                        *\par
*          Yan Xu, Lehigh University                                        *\par
 *          Ted Ralphs, Lehigh University                                    *\par
 *          Laszlo Ladanyi, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center                  *\par
 *          Matthew Saltzman, Clemson University                             *\par
* Copyright (C) 2001-2011, Lehigh University, Yan Xu, and Ted Ralphs.       *\par
 * All Rights Reserved.                                                      *\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
Blis\par
\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
* This file is part of the BiCePS Linear Integer Solver (BLIS).             *\par
* BLIS is distributed under the Eclipse Public License as part of the       *\par
 * COIN-OR repository (http://www.coin-or.org).                              *\par
* Authors:                                                                  *\par
*          Yan Xu, Lehigh University                                        *\par
 *          Ted Ralphs, Lehigh University                                    *\par
 * Conceptual Design:                                                        *\par
*          Yan Xu, Lehigh University                                        *\par
 *          Ted Ralphs, Lehigh University                                    *\par
 *          Laszlo Ladanyi, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center                  *\par
 *          Matthew Saltzman, Clemson University                             *\par
* Copyright (C) 2001-2011, Lehigh University, Yan Xu, and Ted Ralphs.       *\par
 * All Rights Reserved.                                                      *\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
Bonmin\par
\par
The text of the Common Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
// (C) Copyright International Business Machines Corporation and\par
// Carnegie Mellon University 2004-2011\par
// All Rights Reserved.\par
// Authors :\par
// Carl D. Laird, Carnegie Mellon University,\par
// Andreas Waechter, International Business Machines Corporation\par
// Pierre Bonami, Carnegie Mellon University,\par
// John J Forest\par
// Joao Goncalves, International Business Machines Corporation\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1997-2000 Lucent Technologies\par
Modifications for Coin -  Copyright (C) 2006, International Business Machines Corporation and others.\par
All Rights Reserved\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and\par
its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby\par
granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all\par
copies and that both that the copyright notice and this\par
permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear in supporting\par
documentation, and that the name of Lucent or any of its entities\par
not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to\par
distribution of the software without specific, written prior\par
permission.\par
LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES\par
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER\par
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,\par
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF\par
THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
Cbc\par
\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
// Copyright (C) 2002-2008, International Business Machines\par
// Corporation, Lou Hafer and others.  All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
// Copyright (C) 1997-2000 Lucent Technologies\par
Modifications for Coin -  Copyright (C) 2006, International Business Machines Corporation and others.\par
All Rights Reserved\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and\par
its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby\par
granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all\par
copies and that both that the copyright notice and this\par
permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear in supporting\par
documentation, and that the name of Lucent or any of its entities\par
not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to\par
distribution of the software without specific, written prior\par
permission.\par
LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES\par
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER\par
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,\par
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF\par
THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
Cgl\par
\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
// Copyright (C) 2000--2009, International Business Machines\par
// Corporation and others.  All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
// Copyright (C) 2005-2009, Pierre Bonami and others.  All Rights Reserved.\par
// Author:   Pierre Bonami\par
//           Tepper School of Business\par
//           Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213\par
\par
// Name:     CglParam.cpp\par
// Author:   Francois Margot                                                  \par
//           Tepper School of Business\par
//           Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213\par
// Date:     11/24/06\par
// Copyright (C) 2006, Francois Margot and others.  All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
// name:     Cgl Lifted Simple Generalized Flow Cover Cut Generator\par
// author:   Yan Xu                email: yan.xu@sas.com\par
//           Jeff Linderoth        email: jtl3@lehigh.edu\par
//           Martin Savelsberg     email: martin.savelsbergh@isye.gatech.edu\par
// date:     05/01/2003\par
// Copyright (C) 2003, Yan Xu, Jeff Linderoth, Martin Savelsberg and others. \par
// All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
Clp\par
\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
// Copyright (C) 2000-2008, International Business Machines\par
// Corporation and others.  All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
CoinMP\par
\par
The text of the Common Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
/*  CoinMP Solver                                     Maximal Software  */\par
/*  File         :  'coinmp.h'                                          */\par
/*  Version      :  1.6                                                 */\par
/*  Author       :  Bjarni Kristjansson, Maximal Software               */\par
/*  Copyright (c) 2002-2011                     Bjarni Kristjansson     */\par
/* $Id: CoinMP.h 447 2011-11-03 03:58:54Z bjarni $ */\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
CoinUtils\par
\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
// Copyright (C) 1987-2011, International Business Machines\par
// Corporation and others.  All Rights Reserved.\par
/* A Bison parser, made by GNU Bison 1.875c.  */\par
/* Skeleton parser for Yacc-like parsing with Bison,\par
   Copyright (C) 1984, 1989, 1990, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
   any later version.\par
   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
   along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
   Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330,\par
   Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.  */\par
/* As a special exception, when this file is copied by Bison into a\par
   Bison output file, you may use that output file without restriction.\par
   This special exception was added by the Free Software Foundation\par
   in version 1.24 of Bison.  */\par
/* Written by Richard Stallman by simplifying the original so called\par
   ``semantic'' parser.  */\par
\par
// Name:     CoinLpIO.cpp; Support for Lp files\par
// Author:   Francois Margot\par
//           Tepper School of Business\par
//           Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213\par
// Date:     12/28/03\par
// Copyright (C) 2003, Francois Margot, International Business Machines\par
// Corporation and others.  All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
Couenne\par
\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
* Author:  Pietro Belotti\par
 * Purpose: decompose sums and products\par
* (C) Carnegie-Mellon University, 2006-11.\par
* Authors: Pietro Belotti\par
 *          Timo Berthold, ZIB Berlin\par
// (C) Copyright Francois Margot and Carnegie Mellon University 2011\par
// All Rights Reserved.\par
 * Author:  Andrea Qualizza\par
Author:  Pierre Bonami\par
 * (C) International Business Machines 2007-10. All Rights Reserved.\par
Authors: Andreas Waechter, IBM Corp.\par
 *          Pietro Belotti, Lehigh University\par
 *          Francois Margot, Carnegie Mellon University\par
 * (C) Carnegie-Mellon University, 2006-11.\par
* Author:  Jim Ostrowski , University of Waterloo\par
 *          Pietro Belotti, Lehigh University\par
 * Purpose: methods for exploiting symmetry\par
// (C) Copyright International Business Machines Corporation and Carnegie Mellon University 2006, 2007\par
// All Rights Reserved.\par
// Authors :\par
// Pietro Belotti, Carnegie Mellon University,\par
// Pierre Bonami, International Business Machines Corporation\par
/*Author:  Giacomo Nannicini\par
 * (C) Giacomo Nannicini, 2010.\par
 * Source:     GNU C++\par
 * Author:     Sonia Cafieri\par
// Authors :\par
// Giacomo Nannicini, Tepper School of Business, Carnegie Mellon University\par
// Date : 07/25/2010\par
// Authors :\par
// Pietro Belotti, Lehigh University\par
// Stefan Vigerske, Humboldt University\par
/* Authors: Leo Liberti, LIX, Ecole Polytechnique.\par
 *          Pietro Belotti, Carnegie Mellon University\par
 *          Stefan Vigerske\par
 * (C) Carnegie-Mellon University, 2006-2010.\par
// (C) Copyright International Business Machines Corporation 2007\par
// All Rights Reserved.\par
// Authors :\par
// Andreas Waechter, International Business Machines Corporation\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
Cppad\par
\par
The text of the Common Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
CppAD: C++ Algorithmic Differentiation: Copyright (C) 2003-11 Bradley M. Bell\par
CppAD is distributed under multiple licenses. This distribution is under\par
the terms of the Common Public License Version 1.0.\par
A copy of this license is included in the COPYING file of this distribution.\par
Please visit http://www.coin-or.org/CppAD/ for information on other licenses.\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
Dip\par
\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
// This file is part of the Decomp Solver Framework.                         //\par
// Decomp is distributed under the Common Public License as part of the      //\par
// COIN-OR repository (http://www.coin-or.org).                              //\par
// Author: Matthew Galati, SAS Institute Inc. (matthew.galati@sas.com)       //\par
// Copyright (C) 2002-2007, Lehigh University, Matthew Galati, and Ted Ralphs//\par
// All Rights Reserved.                                                      //\par
* This file is part of the Abstract Library for Parallel Search (ALPS).     *\par
* ALPS is distributed under the Common Public License as part of the        *\par
 * COIN-OR repository (http://www.coin-or.org).                              *\par
* Authors: Yan Xu, SAS Institute Inc.                                       *\par
 *          Ted Ralphs, Lehigh University                                    *\par
 *          Laszlo Ladanyi, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center                  *\par
 *          Matthew Saltzman, Clemson University                             *\par
* Copyright (C) 2001-2006, Lehigh University, Yan Xu, and Ted Ralphs.       *\par
// Author: Matthew Galati, SAS Institute Inc. (matthew.galati@sas.com)       //\par
// This file is part of the DIP Solver Framework.                            //\par
// DIP is distributed under the Eclipse Public License as part of the        //\par
// COIN-OR repository (http://www.coin-or.org).                              //\par
// Author: Matthew Galati, SAS Institute Inc. (matthew.galati@sas.com)       //\par
// Conceptual Design: Matthew Galati, SAS Institute Inc.                     //\par
//                    Ted Ralphs, Lehigh University                          //\par
// Copyright (C) 2002-2011, Lehigh University, Matthew Galati, Ted Ralphs    //\par
// All Rights Reserved.                                                      //\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
DyLP\par
\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
-- Copyright (C) 2000, 2001, 2002 Andrew Makhorin <mao@mai2.rcnet.ru>,\par
--               Department for Applied Informatics, Moscow Aviation\par
--               Institute, Moscow, Russia. All rights reserved.\par
-- This file is a part of GLPK (GNU Linear Programming Kit).\par
-- Licensed under the Eclipse Public License (EPL) by permission of the\par
-- author for inclusion in the DyLP LP distribution.\par
\par
This file is a part of the Dylp LP distribution.\par
        Copyright (C) 2005 -- 2010 Lou Hafer\par
        School of Computing Science\par
        Simon Fraser University\par
        Burnaby, B.C., V5A 1S6, Canada\par
        lou@cs.sfu.ca\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2002, 2003, 2004.\par
  Lou Hafer, Stephen Tse, International Business Machines Corporation and\par
  others. All Rights Reserved.\par
  Copyright (C) 2003 -- 2010 Lou Hafer\par
  This file is a portion of the COIN/OSI interface for dylp and is licensed\par
  under the terms of the Eclipse Public License (EPL)\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
FlopCpp\par
\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
// Author: Tim Helge Hultberg (thh@mat.ua.pt)\par
// Copyright (C) 2003 Tim Helge Hultberg\par
// All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
Ipopt\par
\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
// Copyright (C) 2004-- 2010 International Business Machines and others.\par
// All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
/* Copyright (C) 2008, 2011 GAMS Development and others\par
 All Rights Reserved.\par
 This code is published under the Eclipse Public License.\par
 Author: Stefan Vigerske\par
\par
// Copyright (C) 2009 Paragon Decision Technology B.V.\par
// All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
* Copyright (C) 2007 VRTech Industrial Technologies - www.vrtech.com.br.\par
 * All Rights Reserved.\par
*\par
 * Copyright (C) 2007 Tong Kewei, BeiHang University - www.buaa.edu.cn.\par
 * All Rights Reserved.* \par
 * Beihang University, website: www.buaa.edu.cn\par
 * Beijing,China.\par
 * 2007-11-11\par
\par
// Copyright (C) 2007-2008 Peter Carbonetto. All Rights Reserved.\par
//         Dept. of Computer Science\par
//         University of British Columbia\par
\par
 * Copyright (C) 2010 Jelmer Ypma. All Rights Reserved.\par
* Financial support of the UK Economic and Social Research Council \par
 * through a grant (RES-589-28-0001) to the ESRC Centre for Microdata \par
 * Methods and Practice (CeMMAP) is gratefully acknowledged.\par
 \par
// Copyright (C) 2006, 2009 Damien Hocking, KBC Advanced Technologies\par
// All Rights Reserved.\par
//        (included his original contribution into Ipopt package on 2006-03-25)\par
//          Andreas Waechter               IBM    2006-03-25\par
//           (minor changes and corrections)\par
//          Scott Turnberg                 CMU    2006-05-12\par
//           (major revision)\par
//           (incorporated by AW on 2006-11-11 into Ipopt package)\par
\par
// Copyright (C) 2011, Science and Technology Facilities Council.\par
// Copyright (C) 2009, Jonathan Hogg <jdh41.at.cantab.net>.\par
// Copyright (C) 2004, 2007 International Business Machines and others.\par
// All Rights Reserved.\par
//          Jonathan Hogg                           2009-07-29\par
//          Carl Laird, Andreas Waechter     IBM    2004-03-17\par
\par
// Copyright 2009, 2011 Hans Pirnay\par
// All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
* COPYRIGHT (c) 2011 Science and Technology Facilities Council (STFC)\par
 * All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
OS\par
\par
The text of the Common Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
* @author  Robert Fourer, Horand Gassmann, Jun Ma, Kipp Martin,\par
* \remarks\par
 * Copyright (C) 2005-2011, Robert Fourer, Horand Gassmann, Jun Ma, Kipp Martin,\par
 * Dalhousie University, Northwestern University, and the University of Chicago.\par
 * All Rights Reserved.\par
* Please see the accompanying LICENSE file in root directory for terms.\par
\par
/* A Bison parser, made by GNU Bison 2.3.  */\par
/* Skeleton implementation for Bison's Yacc-like parsers in C\par
   Copyright (C) 1984, 1989, 1990, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006\par
   Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
   any later version.\par
   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
   along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
   Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor,\par
   Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  */\par
/* As a special exception, you may create a larger work that contains\par
   part or all of the Bison parser skeleton and distribute that work\par
   under terms of your choice, so long as that work isn't itself a\par
   parser generator using the skeleton or a modified version thereof\par
   as a parser skeleton.  Alternatively, if you modify or redistribute\par
   the parser skeleton itself, you may (at your option) remove this\par
   special exception, which will cause the skeleton and the resulting\par
   Bison output files to be licensed under the GNU General Public\par
   License without this special exception.\par
   This special exception was added by the Free Software Foundation in\par
   version 2.2 of Bison.  */\par
/* C LALR(1) parser skeleton written by Richard Stallman, by\par
   simplifying the original so-called "semantic" parser.  */\par
/* All symbols defined below should begin with yy or YY, to avoid\par
   infringing on user name space.  This should be done even for local\par
   variables, as they might otherwise be expanded by user macros.\par
   There are some unavoidable exceptions within include files to\par
   define necessary library symbols; they are noted "INFRINGES ON\par
   USER NAME SPACE" below.  */\par
/* Identify Bison output.  */\par
\par
// Copyright (C) GAMS Development and others 2007-2009\par
// All Rights Reserved.\par
// This code is published under the Eclipse Public License.\par
//\par
// Author: Stefan Vigerske\par
/* $Id: OSdtoa.cpp 4292 2011-09-21 05:47:18Z kmartin $ */\par
* The author of this software is David M. Gay.\par
* Copyright (c) 1991, 2000, 2001 by Lucent Technologies.\par
* Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice\par
 * is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy\par
 * or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting\par
 * documentation for such software.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTY.  IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR LUCENT MAKES ANY\par
 * REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY\par
 * OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 *\par
* (C) Carnegie-Mellon University, 2009.\par
\par
/* $Id: OSMathUtil.cpp 4292 2011-09-21 05:47:18Z kmartin $ */\par
/** @file MathUtil.cpp\par
* @author  Horand Gassmann, Jun Ma, Kipp Martin\par
* \remarks\par
 * Copyright (C) 2005-2011, Horand Gassmann, Jun Ma, Kipp Martin, and Wayne Sheng\par
 * Dalhousie University, Northwestern University, and the University of Chicago.\par
 * All Rights Reserved.\par
* Please see the accompanying LICENSE file in root directory for terms.\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
Osi\par
\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
// name:     OSI Interface for SoPlex >= 1.4.2c\par
// authors:  Tobias Pfender\par
//           Ambros Gleixner\par
//           Wei Huang\par
//           Konrad-Zuse-Zentrum Berlin (Germany)\par
// license:  this file may be freely distributed under the terms of EPL\par
//-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
// Copyright (C) 2002, Tobias Pfender, International Business Machines\par
// Corporation and others.  All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
/* Osi interface for Mosek ver. 5.0\par
   Lower versions are not supported\par
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
  name:     OSI Interface for MOSEK\par
  author:   Bo Jensen\par
  email:    support@MOSEK.com\par
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
// Copyright (C) 2000-2006, International Business Machines\par
// Corporation and others.  All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
// name:     OSI Interface for Gurobi\par
// template: OSI Cplex Interface written by T. Achterberg\par
// author:   Stefan Vigerske\par
//           Humboldt University Berlin\par
// license:  this file may be freely distributed under the terms of EPL\par
\par
// Copyright (C) 2009 Humboldt University Berlin and others.\par
// All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
// name:     OSI Interface for CPLEX\par
// author:   Tobias Pfender\par
//           Konrad-Zuse-Zentrum Berlin (Germany)\par
//           email: pfender@zib.de\par
// license:  this file may be freely distributed under the terms of EPL\par
\par
// Copyright (C) 2000, Tobias Pfender, International Business Machines\par
// Corporation and others.  All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
// Copyright (C) 2007, Lou Hafer and others.  All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
// name:     OSI Interface for GLPK\par
//-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
// Copyright (C) 2001, 2002 Vivian De Smedt\par
// Copyright (C) 2002, 2003 Braden Hunsaker \par
// Copyright (C) 2003, 2004 University of Pittsburgh\par
// Copyright (C) 2004 Joseph Young\par
// Copyright (C) 2007 Lou Hafer\par
//    University of Pittsburgh coding done by Brady Hunsaker\par
// All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
///////////////////\par
\par
Symphony\par
\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
/* This file is part of the SYMPHONY Branch, Cut, and Price Library.         */\par
/*                                                                           */\par
/* SYMPHONY was jointly developed by Ted Ralphs (ted@lehigh.edu) and         */\par
/* Laci Ladanyi (ladanyi@us.ibm.com).                                        */\par
/*                                                                           */\par
/* The authors Menal Guzelsoy, Ted Ralphs,Ondrej Medek, Ashutosh Mahajan,Marta Eso                               */\par
/*                                                                           */\par
/* (c) Copyright 2006-2011 Lehigh University. All Rights Reserved.           */\par
/* (c) Copyright 2000-2011 Ted Ralphs. All Rights Reserved.                  */\par
                                                                    */\par
///////////////////\par
\par
Vol\par
\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Commons I/O\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Apache Commons IO \par
Copyright 2001-2008 The Apache Software Foundation\par
\par
This product includes software developed by The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).\par
                                \par
The text of the Apache License, Version 2.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
-----------Additional terms/text from CommonsIO--------------------\par
/*\par
 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
 * contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
 * this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
 * The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
 * (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
 * the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
 * \par
 *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
 * \par
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
 * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
 * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
 * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
 * limitations under the License.\par
 */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
CUDD: CU Decision Diagram Package\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (c) 1995-2004, Regents of the University of Colorado\par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
Neither the name of the University of Colorado nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Curl 7.15.3\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996 - 2006, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>.\par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Curl 7.21.7\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (c) 1996 - 2011, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>.\par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose\par
with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright\par
notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN\par
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,\par
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR\par
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE\par
OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not\par
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings\par
in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* This is from the BIND 4.9.4 release, modified to compile by itself */\par
/* Copyright (c) 1996 by Internet Software Consortium.\par
*\par
* Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
* purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
* copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
*\par
* THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND INTERNET SOFTWARE CONSORTIUM DISCLAIMS\par
* ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTERNET SOFTWARE\par
* CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
* DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR\par
* PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS\par
* ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS\par
* SOFTWARE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* This source code was modified by Martin Hedenfalk <mhe@stacken.kth.se> for\par
* use in Curl. Martin's latest changes were done 2000-09-18.\par
*\par
* It has since been patched away like a madman by Daniel Stenberg to make it\par
* better applied to curl conditions, and to make it not use globals, pollute\par
* name space and more.\par
*\par
* Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999 Kungliga Tekniska H\u246ogskolan\par
* (Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden).\par
* Copyright (c) 2004 - 2011 Daniel Stenberg\par
* All rights reserved.\par
*\par
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
* are met:\par
*\par
* 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
*    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
*\par
* 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
*    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
*    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
*\par
* 3. Neither the name of the Institute nor the names of its contributors\par
*    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
*    without specific prior written permission.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
* ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
* ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INSTITUTE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
* FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
* DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
* OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
* HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
* LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
* OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
* SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* GSSAPI/krb5 support for FTP - loosely based on old krb4.c\par
*\par
* Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999 Kungliga Tekniska H\u246ogskolan\par
* (Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden).\par
* Copyright (c) 2004 - 2011 Daniel Stenberg\par
* All rights reserved.\par
*\par
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
* are met:\par
*\par
* 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
*    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
*\par
* 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
*    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
*    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
*\par
* 3. Neither the name of the Institute nor the names of its contributors\par
*    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
*    without specific prior written permission.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
* ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
* ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INSTITUTE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
* FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
* DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
* OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
* HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
* LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
* OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
* SUCH DAMAGE.  */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* This source code was modified by Martin Hedenfalk <mhe@stacken.kth.se> for\par
* use in Curl. His latest changes were done 2000-09-18.\par
*\par
* It has since been patched and modified a lot by Daniel Stenberg\par
* <daniel@haxx.se> to make it better applied to curl conditions, and to make\par
* it not use globals, pollute name space and more. This source code awaits a\par
* rewrite to work around the paragraph 2 in the BSD licenses as explained\par
* below.\par
*\par
* Copyright (c) 1998, 1999 Kungliga Tekniska H\u246ogskolan\par
* (Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden).\par
*\par
* Copyright (C) 2001 - 2011, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.\par
*\par
* All rights reserved.\par
*\par
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
* are met:\par
*\par
* 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
*    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
*\par
* 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
*    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
*    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
*\par
* 3. Neither the name of the Institute nor the names of its contributors\par
*    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
*    without specific prior written permission.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
* ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
* ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INSTITUTE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
* FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
* DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
* OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
* HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
* LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
* OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
* SUCH DAMAGE.  */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
* Copyright (C) 1996-2001  Internet Software Consortium.\par
*\par
* Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
* purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
* copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
*\par
* THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND INTERNET SOFTWARE CONSORTIUM\par
* DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL\par
* INTERNET SOFTWARE CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,\par
* INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING\par
* FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,\par
* NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION\par
* WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
*/\par
/*\par
* Original code by Paul Vixie. "curlified" by Gisle Vanem.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*-\par
   Copyright (C) 1990-2, RSA Data Security, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
   License to copy and use this software is granted provided that it\par
   is identified as the "RSA Data Security, Inc. MD4 Message-Digest\par
   Algorithm" in all material mentioning or referencing this software\par
   or this function.\par
   License is also granted to make and use derivative works provided\par
   that such works are identified as "derived from the RSA Data\par
   Security, Inc. MD4 Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material\par
  mentioning or referencing the derived work.\par
   RSA Data Security, Inc. makes no representations concerning either\par
   the merchantability of this software or the suitability of this\par
   software for any particular purpose. It is provided "as is"\par
   without express or implied warranty of any kind.\par
   These notices must be retained in any copies of any part of this\par
   documentation and/or software.\par
*/\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
curl 7.31.0\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996 - 2013, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>.\par
 \par
All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose\par
with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright\par
notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
 \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN\par
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,\par
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR\par
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE\par
OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
 \par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not\par
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings\par
in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
defparser/lefparser\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Cadence Design Systems\par
\par
555 River Oaks Pkwy, San Jose, CA  95134\par
(408) 943-1234\par
\par
\par
THE ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS AND\par
CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT"). PLEASE REVIEW\par
THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.  ANY USE, REPRODUCTION, MODIFICATION OR\par
DISTRIBUTION  OF  THE  PROGRAM  CONSTITUTES  ACCEPTANCE  OF  THIS\par
AGREEMENT.   IF YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS LICENSE ON BEHALF  OF  A\par
COMPANY,  YOU  REPRESENT  THAT  YOU  ARE  AUTHORIZED  TO BIND THE\par
COMPANY TO THIS AGREEMENT.\par
\par
Cadence  Design  Systems,  Inc.  ("Cadence")  is  licensing   the\par
software  program  ("Program")  provided  hereunder under an open\par
source arrangement.  The licensee hereunder  may  use,  copy  and\par
modify  the  Program  only  pursuant  to  this  Agreement.  While\par
Cadence  encourages   any   and   all   improvements   or   other\par
modifications  made  to  the  Program  to  be  contributed to the\par
community source and thereby made available to others  under  the\par
same  terms and conditions as included in this Agreement, this is\par
not required.  However, any error corrections made to the Program\par
must be contributed to the community source.\par
\par
\par
1.      DEFINITIONS\par
\par
1.1     "Contribution"  means  the  submission  of  the  Original\par
Program  by  Cadence  and  the  submission  of any modifications,\par
improvements, additions, corrections  or  other  changes  to  the\par
Program,  including source code, object code, application program\par
interface definitions and formats, and documentation, made by any\par
Contributor  where  such  changes and/or additions to the Program\par
originate  from  and   are   distributed   by   that   particular\par
Contributor.   Each  Contributor  acknowledges and agrees that no\par
guarantee is provided  that  a  Contribution  shall  be  included\par
within   the   Program   as  distributed  by  any  Recipient.   A\par
Contribution  must  be  made  by  a  Contributor  if;  (1)   such\par
Contribution  is  an  error correction to the Program, or (2) the\par
Contributor  commercially  distributes  the  Program  with   such\par
Contribution,  in which case the Contribution must be made within\par
thirty (30) days of the commercial distribution of  the  Program.\par
"Commercially distributes" as used herein shall mean distribution\par
of the Program by a  Contributor  in  consideration  for  revenue\par
received.   A  Contribution 'originates' from a Contributor if it\par
was added to the Program by such  Contributor  itself  or  anyone\par
acting on such Contributor's behalf. Contributions do not include\par
additions to the Program  which:  (i)  are  separate  modules  of\par
software  or  data  distributed  in  conjunction with the Program\par
under their own license agreement, and (ii)  are  not  derivative\par
works of the Program.\par
\par
1.2     "Contributor" means Cadence and  any  other  entity  that\par
distributes the Program.\par
\par
1.3     "Licensed Patents" mean patent claims licensable  by  any\par
Contributor which are necessarily infringed by the use or sale of\par
its Contribution alone or when combined with the Program.\par
\par
1.4     "Original Program" means  the  original  version  of  the\par
software  accompanying  this  Agreement  as  released by Cadence,\par
including source code, object code, application program interface\par
definitions and formats, and documentation, if any.\par
\par
1.5     "Program" means the Original Program and Contributions.\par
\par
1.6     "Recipient" means anyone who receives the  Program  under\par
this Agreement, including all Contributors.\par
\par
2.      GRANT OF RIGHTS\par
\par
2.1     Subject to the terms and conditions  of  this  Agreement,\par
each  Contributor  hereby  grants each Recipient a non-exclusive,\par
worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to  reproduce,  prepare\par
derivative   works   of,   publicly  display,  publicly  perform,\par
distribute and sublicense the Contribution of  such  Contributor,\par
in source code and object code format.\par
\par
2.2     Subject to the terms and conditions  of  this  Agreement,\par
each  Contributor  hereby  grants each Recipient a non-exclusive,\par
worldwide, royalty-free patent license under Licensed Patents  to\par
make, use, sell, offer to sell, import and otherwise transfer the\par
Contribution of such Contributor, if  any,  in  source  code  and\par
object  code  format  along  with  any documentation. This patent\par
license shall apply to the combination of  the  Contribution  and\par
the  Program  if,  at  the  time the Contribution is added by the\par
Contributor,  such  addition  of  the  Contribution  causes  such\par
combination  to  be  covered  by the Licensed Patents. The patent\par
license shall not apply to any other combinations  which  include\par
the Contribution.\par
\par
2.3     Subject to the terms and conditions  of  this  Agreement,\par
Cadence  hereby grants each Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide,\par
royalty-free trademark license, to  use  the  Cadence  trademarks\par
"LEF",  or  "DEF", in accordance with Cadence's marking policies,\par
in connection with the license grants hereunder.\par
\par
2.4     Recipient  understands  that  although  each  Contributor\par
grants  the  licenses  to  its Contributions set forth herein, no\par
assurances are provided by any Contributor that the Program  does\par
not  infringe the patent or other intellectual property rights of\par
any other entity. Each Contributor  disclaims  any  liability  to\par
Recipient  for  claims  brought  by  any  other  entity  based on\par
infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise.  As  a\par
condition   to   exercising   the  rights  and  licenses  granted\par
hereunder, each Recipient hereby assumes sole  responsibility  to\par
secure any other intellectual property rights needed, if any. For\par
example, if a third party patent license  is  required  to  allow\par
Recipient   to   distribute   the   Program,  it  is  Recipient's\par
responsibility to acquire that license  before  distributing  the\par
Program.\par
\par
2.5     Each Contributor represents that to its knowledge it  has\par
sufficient copyright rights in its Contribution, if any, to grant\par
the copyright license set forth in  this  Agreement.   Except  as\par
expressly  stated  in  Sections 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3 above, Recipient\par
receives no rights or licenses to the  intellectual  property  of\par
any  Contributor  under  this  Agreement,  whether  expressly, by\par
implication, estoppel or otherwise. All rights in the Program not\par
expressly granted under this Agreement are reserved.\par
\par
\par
3.      DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS\par
\par
3.1     A Contributor may choose to  distribute  the  Program  in\par
object  code form under its own license agreement, provided that:\par
(a) it complies with the terms and conditions of this  Agreement;\par
and   (b)  the terms and conditions of its license agreement: (i)\par
effectively  disclaims  on  behalf  of   all   Contributors   all\par
warranties   and   conditions,  express  and  implied,  including\par
warranties or  conditions  of  title  and  non-infringement,  and\par
implied  warranties  or conditions of merchantability and fitness\par
for a particular purpose;\par
\par
(ii) effectively excludes  on  behalf  of  all  Contributors  all\par
liability  for  damages,  including,  but not limited to, direct,\par
indirect, special, incidental and consequential damages;\par
\par
(iii) states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement\par
are offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other party;\par
and\par
\par
(iv) states that source code for the Program  is  available  from\par
such  Contributor,  and  informs  licensees how to obtain it in a\par
reasonable manner on or through a  medium  customarily  used  for\par
software exchange.\par
\par
3.2     When the Program is made available in source code form it\par
must  be  made  available  under the terms and conditions of this\par
Agreement.  A copy of this Agreement must be included  with  each\par
copy  of  such  Program.   A Contributor may not charge a fee for\par
the distribution of the source code of the Program.\par
\par
3.3     Each Contributor must preserve all  copyright  and  other\par
notices   that   appear   in  the  Program.   In  addition,  each\par
Contributor  must  identify  itself  as  the  originator  of  its\par
Contribution,   if  any,  in  a  manner  that  reasonably  allows\par
subsequent  Recipients  to  identify  the   originator   of   the\par
Contribution.\par
\par
3.4     While  this  license  is  intended  to   facilitate   the\par
commercial  use  of the Program, the Contributor who includes the\par
Program in a commercial product offering should do so in a manner\par
which does not create potential liability for other Contributors.\par
Therefore, if a Contributor includes the Program in a  commercial\par
product  offering,  such  Contributor  ("Commercial Contributor")\par
hereby agrees to defend and  indemnify  every  other  Contributor\par
("Indemnified Contributor") against any losses, damages and costs\par
(collectively "Losses") arising from claims, lawsuits  and  other\par
legal  actions  brought  by a third party against the Indemnified\par
Contributor to the extent caused by the acts or omissions of such\par
Commercial Contributor in connection with its distribution of the\par
Program in a commercial product offering. The obligations in this\par
section  do  not  apply  to  any claims or Losses relating to any\par
actual or alleged intellectual property infringement. In order to\par
qualify,  an Indemnified Contributor must: a) promptly notify the\par
Commercial Contributor in writing of such claim, and b) allow the\par
Commercial   Contributor  to  control,  and  cooperate  with  the\par
Commercial Contributor in, the defense and any related settlement\par
negotiations.  The Indemnified Contributor may participate in any\par
such claim at its own expense.\par
\par
\par
4.      NO WARRANTY\par
\par
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE  PROGRAM  IS\par
PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF\par
ANY  KIND,  EITHER  EXPRESS   OR   IMPLIED   INCLUDING,   WITHOUT\par
LIMITATION,   ANY   WARRANTIES   OR  CONDITIONS  OF  TITLE,  NON-\par
INFRINGEMENT,  MERCHANTABILITY  OR  FITNESS  FOR   A   PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE. Each Recipient is solely responsible for determining the\par
appropriateness of using and distributing the Program and assumes\par
all  risks  associated  with  its  exercise  of rights under this\par
Agreement, including but not limited to the risks  and  costs  of\par
program  errors,  compliance  with  applicable laws, damage to or\par
loss of  data,  programs  or  equipment,  and  unavailability  or\par
interruption of operations.\par
\par
5.      DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY\par
\par
EXCEPT  AS  EXPRESSLY  SET  FORTH  IN  THIS  AGREEMENT,   NEITHER\par
RECIPIENT  NOR  ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY\par
DIRECT,   INDIRECT,   INCIDENTAL,    SPECIAL,    EXEMPLARY,    OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL   DAMAGES   (INCLUDING   WITHOUT   LIMITATION  LOST\par
PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,  WHETHER\par
IN  CONTRACT,  STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR\par
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR  DISTRIBUTION  OF\par
THE  PROGRAM  OR   THE  EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER,\par
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\par
\par
6.      GENERAL\par
\par
6.1     If  any  provision  of  this  Agreement  is  invalid   or\par
unenforceable  under  applicable  law,  it  shall  not affect the\par
validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms of  this\par
Agreement, and without further action by the parties hereto, such\par
provision shall be reformed to the minimum  extent  necessary  to\par
make such provision valid and enforceable.\par
\par
6.2     If  Recipient  institutes  patent  litigation  against  a\par
Contributor  with  respect  to  a  patent  applicable to software\par
(including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit), then  any\par
patent  licenses  granted  by  that Contributor to such Recipient\par
under  this  Agreement  shall  terminate  as  of  the  date  such\par
litigation  is  filed.  If Recipient institutes patent litigation\par
against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in  a\par
lawsuit) alleging that the Program (excluding combinations of the\par
Program  with  other  software  or   hardware)   infringes   such\par
Recipient's patent(s), then such Recipient's rights granted under\par
Section 2.2 shall terminate as of the  date  such  litigation  is\par
filed.\par
\par
6.3     If a  Commercial  Contributor  distributes  any  Program,\par
which  includes  such  Contributors  modifications, improvements,\par
additions, corrections or other  changes,  and  has  not  made  a\par
Contribution  of  such  Program,  any  licenses  granted  to such\par
Commercial Contributor under this Agreement shall terminate as of\par
the date of such Program is distributed.\par
\par
6.4     All  Recipient's  rights  under  this   Agreement   shall\par
terminate if it fails to comply with any of the material terms or\par
conditions of this Agreement and does not cure such failure in  a\par
reasonable   period   of   time  after  becoming  aware  of  such\par
noncompliance. If all Recipient's  rights  under  this  Agreement\par
terminate,  Recipient agrees to cease use and distribution of the\par
Program as soon as reasonably practicable.  However,  Recipient's\par
obligations  under  this  Agreement  and  any licenses granted by\par
Recipient relating to the Program shall continue and survive.\par
\par
6.5     Cadence may publish new versions (including revisions) of\par
this  Agreement  from  time  to  time.  Each  new  version of the\par
Agreement will be given  a  distinguishing  version  number.  The\par
Program  (including  Contributions)  may  always  be  distributed\par
subject to the version  of  the  Agreement  under  which  it  was\par
received.  In  addition,  after a new version of the Agreement is\par
published,  Contributor  may  elect  to  distribute  the  Program\par
(including its Contributions) under the new version. No one other\par
than Cadence has the right to modify this Agreement.\par
\par
6.6     This Agreement is governed by the laws of  the  State  of\par
California  and  the  intellectual  property  laws  of the United\par
States of America. No party to this Agreement will bring a  legal\par
action under this Agreement more than one year after the cause of\par
action arose. Each party waives its rights to a jury trial in any\par
resulting litigation.\par
\par
END  OF  TERMS   AND   CONDITIONS  \par
Cadence   Open   Source   ver3.0             May 31, 2000\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Digilent CSE Plug-in and Adept Runtime\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU, THE CUSTOMER/PURCHASER, AND DIGILENT, INC.\par
\par
PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY.  IT IS AN AGREEMENT. UPON INSTALLATION AND USE YOU ARE AGREEING WITH DIGILENT, INC. TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  \par
\par
1.	This software license agreement is a legal contract and agreement between YOU as an individual, regardless of your status with any educational or business entity, and the Washington Corporation known as Digilent, Inc.   If you are acting on behalf of an organized educational entity or a corporation or other legal entity, this software license agreement is also a legal contract and agreement between that educational entity or corporation or other legal entity and Digilent, Inc..\par
\par
2.	Digilent, Inc. maintains all its rights under all applicable laws, including but not limited to pertinent intellectual property laws.  When you install the software, whether from the internet or from a portable source such as a disk or CD Rom, or any other method, you accept and agree to all the terms of this license.\par
\par
3.	This license constitutes the entire agreement regarding the Digilent CSE Plug-in and Adept Runtime software (Software) including all DLLs, drivers, plug-in files, data files, and installer.  If this software is an upgrade, or if you have received a license from Digilent, Inc. for some other reason or in some other method for the same software, this license supersedes any and all other licenses.\par
\par
4.	The laws of Washington State shall govern this agreement and license.  If any portion is found invalid, then the remaining portions shall be held to be valid and remain fully enforceable.\par
\par
5.	GRANT OF LICENSE:  This license permits you (the Licensee) to use one (1) copy of the software solely for your own, internal, personal (including educational), as well as internal commercial operations and use, for use solely with Digilent hardware.  This License conveys to you a non-exclusive and limited right of internal use ONLY.  It is revocable in accordance with the terms and conditions.  You MAY make copies of the software and its documentation, provided that the copies are for you and your personal or internal commercial use.  NOTHING in this license allows for the republishing or distribution of the software to anyone other than you, the Licensee.  \par
\par
6.	By accepting this license, you agree that you may not, and will not, sublicense, assign, transfer, pledge, lease, rent, share, or provide to any third party for commercial use in any way YOUR rights licensed to you by Digilent, Inc. under this License.  If you wish to execute such rights in any way, contact Digilent, Inc. to seek written approval prior to any such transaction.  Digilent, Inc. maintains its rights to deny any such execution of rights.  No portions of the Digilent, Inc. licensed software may be distributed, redistributed, and/or exchanged in any of the above mentioned ways, without prior written agreement from and with Digilent, Inc.\par
\par
7.	By accepting this license, you agree that you will not modify, adapt, decompile, reverse engineer, translate, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code for the Software.  Digilent, Inc. maintains all its rights under the intellectual property laws of the United States and any international rights it also maintains, including but not limited to copyrights, trademarks, and patents.  As the Licensee, you agree to take all reasonable steps to safeguard and protect this license and the software it grants your use of.\par
\par
8.	END USER APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT: Digilent Inc. grants licensee the permission to use the Software, for development of custom programs by the licensee, for commercial use, for use ONLY with Digilent Inc. hardware.  Digilent Software includes, but is not limited to, all Dynamic Link Libraries (DLLs), Shared Libraries, documentation, header files, and Applications Programming Interfaces (APIs) relating to the Digilent CSE Plug-in and Adept Runtime software.  End user applications using the Software may be redistributed only with the express written consent of Digilent. Any unauthorized use of Software is a breach of this license and agreement.\par
\par
9.	In the event you fail to comply with any terms and/or conditions of this license, or any breach occurs, this license will terminate immediately and automatically.  Digilent, Inc. shall be entitled to any and all remedies in accordance with the laws of Washington State, the United States of America, and any other applicable law.\par
\par
10.	NO WARRANTIES:  Digilent, Inc. does not offer nor provide ANY warranties of any kind on this software or in this license.  In no event shall Digilent, Inc. be liable for any damages to you or any other party whether arising out of contract or tort, from the installation, use, or operation of the software.  Such damages include, but are not limited to: loss of data, loss of profits, loss of business, harm to "good name" or reputation, or any special, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages.  Digilent, Inc. may NOT be held liable for any damages, EVEN IF Digilent, Inc. has been advised or put on notice of the possibility of such loss or damages.  This section survives any termination of the license for any reason, whether by you or by Digilent, Inc.\par
\par
CONTACT INFORMATION:  should you wish to contact Digilent, Inc. for any reason:\par
\par
Digilent, Inc.\par
1300 NE Henley Ct. \par
Suite 3\par
Pullman, Washington\par
99163\par
\par
E-MAIL:  support@digilentinc.com\par
\par
Included with the above-mentioned software are certain software drivers obtained by Digilent, Inc. from Future Technology Devices International Limited (FTDI) and which are governed by the following terms and conditions:\par
\par
This software is provided by Future Technology Devices International Limited "as is" and any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. In no event shall future technology devices international limited be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. \par
\par
FTDI drivers may be used only in conjunction with products based on FTDI parts.\par
\par
FTDI drivers may be distributed in any form as long as license information is not modified.\par
\par
If a custom vendor ID and/or product ID or description string are used, it is the responsibility of the product manufacturer to maintain any changes and subsequent WHQL re-certification as a result of making these changes.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Eclipse\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
* Copyright (c) 2000, 2008 IBM Corporation and others.\par
* All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
* are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
* which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
*\par
* Contributors:\par
* IBM Corporation - initial API and implementation\par
*******************************************************************************/\par
\par
/*\par
* Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
* contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
* this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
* The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
* (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
* the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
*\par
* http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
*\par
* Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
* distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
* WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
* See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
* limitations under the License.\par
*\par
*/\par
\par
/*\par
* Copyright 2001-2004 The Apache Software Foundation.\par
* \par
* Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
* you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
* You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
* \par
* http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
* \par
* Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
* distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
* WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
* See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
* limitations under the License.\par
*/\par
\par
/*\par
* Copyright (c) OSGi Alliance (2002, 2008). All Rights Reserved.\par
*\par
* Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
* you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
* You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
*\par
* http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
*\par
* Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
* distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
* WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
* See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
* limitations under the License.\par
*/\par
\par
\par
## Copyright 2004 The Apache Software Foundation\par
##\par
## Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
## you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
## You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
##\par
## http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
##\par
## Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
## distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
## WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
## See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
## limitations under the License.\par
\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
June 25, 2008\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). \par
Unless otherwise indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html. For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
    \par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
Apache HttpClient v3.1.0\par
\par
This plugin is based on software developed by the Apache Httpclient project at http://jakarta.apache.org/commons/httpclient/.\par
A copy of this library is distributed within this plugin and\par
therefore this plugin is subject to the Apache License version 2.0, a copy of the license is contained in the file asl-v20.txt and at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.\par
\par
Apache Commons Codec v1.3\par
\par
This plugin is based on software developed by the Apache Commons Codec project at http://jakarta.apache.org/commons/codec/. A copy of this library is distributed within this plugin and therefore this plugin is subject to the Apache License version 2.0, a copy of the license is contained in the file asl-v20.txt and at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.\par
\par
Apache Commons Logging v1.0.4\par
\par
This plugin is based on software developed by the Apache Commons Codec project at http://jakarta.apache.org/commons/logging/. A copy of this library is distributed within this plugin and therefore this plugin is subject to the Apache License version 2.0, a copy of the license is contained in the file asl-v20.txt and at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.\par
\par
Your use of the this plugin and the components listed above is subject to the terms and conditions of the Apache License v2.0 which is available at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.\par
\par
More specifically:\par
\par
The text of the Apache License, Version 2.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
###################################\par
about_cairo.html\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
March 27, 2006\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation has included the following package for your convenience: \par
\par
Cairo 1.0.2 for Linux\par
\par
Cairo for Linux ("Cairo") is developed by The Cairo Project (http://www.cairographics.org):\par
\par
Cairo is delivered in the following file ("Cairo Library"):\par
\par
libcairo-swt.so\par
\par
which was compiled from Cairo source code available at http://www.cairographics.org/snapshots.\par
\par
Your use of the Cairo code in binary form is subject to\par
the terms and conditions of Mozilla Public License Version 1.1 ("MPL"). A copy of the MPL is provided (mpl-v11.txt)\par
and is also available at http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/MPL-1.1.html.\par
\par
pixman 0.1.6\par
\par
pixman ("pixman") is packaged within the Cairo Library and was compiled from source code available at http://www.cairographics.org/snapshots.\par
pixman includes the following packages:\par
\par
libpixregion\par
libic\par
slim\par
\par
Your use of pixman is subject to the terms and conditions of the licenses in pixman-licenses.txt.\par
\par
If you did not receive the Cairo Library directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the package is being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply its use. Check the Redistributor's license that was provided with the content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor.\par
\par
###################################\par
about_open_motif.html\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
June 20, 2005\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation has included the following package for your convenience: \par
\par
Open Motif for Linux 2.1.30 Release 4\par
\par
Open Motif for Linux ("Open Motif") is developed by Metro Link as part of The Open Motif project. Open Motif is:\par
\par
  Copyright (C) May, 2000 The Open Group, Metro Link, Incorporated and others. All Rights Reserved\par
\par
Open Motif includes the following files:\par
\par
libXm.so.2\par
\par
Open Motif is not considered part of the content provided by the Eclipse Foundation. Your use of the Open Motif code in binary form is subject to\par
the terms and conditions of Metro Link Public License 1.00 ("MLPL"). A copy of the MLPL is provided (mlpl-v10.html) and is also available at http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/supporters/metrolink/license.html.\par
\par
Source code for Open Motif is available at http://www.opengroup.org/openmotif/supporters/metrolink/.\par
\par
If you did not receive Open Motif directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the package is being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply its use. Check the Redistributor's license that was provided with the content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor.\par
\par
###################################\par
about.html\par
\par
June 3, 2008\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
JavaServer Pages API 2.0 (jsp-api.jar from Tomcat 5.5.17)\par
\par
The plug-in includes software developed by The Apache Software Foundation as part of the Tomcat project.\par
\par
Your use of the jsp-api.jar code is subject to the terms and conditions of the Apache Software License 2.0.\par
A copy of the license is contained in the file LICENSE.txt and is also\par
available at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.\par
\par
The names "Tomcat" and "Apache Software Foundation" must not be used to endorse or promote products\par
derived from this software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
\par
Original binaries and source are available from the http://tomcat.apache.org Apache Tomcat website.\par
\par
###################################\par
LICENSE.sax.txt\par
\par
This license came from: http://www.megginson.com/SAX/copying.html\par
However please note future versions of SAX may be covered \par
under http://saxproject.org/?selected=pd\par
\par
\par
This page is now out of date -- see the new SAX site at \par
http://www.saxproject.org/ for more up-to-date\par
releases and other information. Please change your bookmarks.\par
\par
\par
SAX2 is Free!\par
\par
I hereby abandon any property rights to SAX 2.0 (the Simple API for\par
XML), and release all of the SAX 2.0 source code, compiled code, and\par
documentation contained in this distribution into the Public Domain.\par
SAX comes with NO WARRANTY or guarantee of fitness for any\par
purpose.\par
\par
David Megginson, david@megginson.com\par
2000-05-05\par
\par
###################################\par
\par
about.html\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
July 14, 2008\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party (&quot;Redistributor&quot;) and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor&rsquo;s license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
Ant 1.7.1\par
\par
The plug-in includes software developed by The Apache Software Foundation as part of the Ant project.\par
\par
The Ant binary code in ant.jar and the scripts ant, ant.bat, ant.cmd, antenv.cmd, antRun, antRun.bat, antRun.pl, complete-ant-cmd.pl, envset.cmd, lcp.bat, runant.pl, runant.py and runrc.cmd are included with the plug-in with no modifications.\par
The Ant source code is located in the zip files named ant-*src.zip.\par
\par
Your use of the Ant code and the scripts is subject to the terms and conditions of the Apache License, Version 2.0. A copy of the license is contained\par
in the file asl-v20.txt and is also available at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.\par
\par
The names "Ant" and "Apache Software Foundation" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this \par
software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
\par
The Apache attribution NOTICE file is included with the Content in accordance with 4d of the Apache License, Version 2.0.\par
\par
Ant includes the following software:\par
\par
DOM\par
\par
DOM is developed by the World Wide Web Consortium. Your use of DOM is subject to the terms and conditions of the license found in the\par
  file LICENSE.dom.html</a> which is included with this plug-in and can also be found at\par
  http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/copyright-software-19980720.\par
  \par
SAX\par
  \par
SAX is developed by the SAX project (http://www.saxproject.org). Your use of SAX is subject to the\par
  terms and conditions of the license found in the file LICENSE.sax.txt which is included with this plug-in.\par
\par
###################################\par
\par
about.html\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
May 30, 2008  \par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
Lucene 1.9.1 and HTML Parser\par
\par
The plug-in includes software developed by The Apache Software Foundation as part of the Ant project.\par
\par
Your use of the Lucene code is subject to the terms and conditions of the Apache Software License 2.0. A copy of the license is contained\par
in the file asl-v20.txt and is also available at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.\par
\par
The names "Lucene" and "Apache Software Foundation" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this \par
software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
\par
Original binaries and source are available from the http://lucene.apache.org/ Apache Lucene website.\par
\par
###################################\par
about.html\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
August 25, 2006  \par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
OSGi Materials\par
\par
All files in the following sub-directories (and their sub-directories):\par
\par
org/osgi\par
\par
and the following files (which may not be present in all cases):\par
\par
osgi/ee.foundation.jar\par
osgi/ee.minimum.jar\par
osgi/osgi.jar\par
\par
shall be defined as the "OSGi Materials." The OSGi Materials are:\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000, 2006\par
OSGi Alliance\par
Bishop Ranch 6\par
2400 Camino Ramon, Suite 375\par
San Ramon, CA 94583 USA\par
\par
All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
The OSGi Materials are provided to you under the terms and conditions of the Apache License, Version 2.0. A copy of the license is contained\par
in the file LICENSE-2.0.txt and is also available at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.\par
\par
Implementation of certain elements of the OSGi Materials may be subject to third party intellectual property rights, including without limitation, patent rights (such a third party may\par
or may not be a member of the OSGi Alliance). The OSGi Alliance and its members are not responsible and shall not be held responsible in any manner for identifying or failing to identify any or all such third party\par
intellectual property rights.\par
\par
OSGi \u153t is a trademark, registered trademark, or service mark of The OSGi Alliance in the US and other countries. Java is a trademark,\par
registered trademark, or service mark of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the US and other countries. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, or\par
service marks used in the Content are the property of their respective owners and are hereby recognized.\par
\par
###################################\par
about.html\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
January 15, 2008\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
Felix SCR API\par
\par
The plug-in includes software developed by The Apache Software Foundation as part of the Felix project.\par
\par
The Felix SCR API binary code can be found in the plug-in JAR in the following files:\par
\par
org\apache\felix\scr\Component.class\par
org\apache\felix\scr\Reference.class\par
org\apache\felix\scr\ScrService.class\par
\par
The Felix SCR API source code can be found in src.zip in the following files:\par
\par
org\apache\felix\scr\Component.java\par
org\apache\felix\scr\Reference.java\par
org\apache\felix\scr\ScrService.java\par
\par
Your use of the Felix SCR API code is subject to the terms and conditions of the Apache License, Version 2.0. A copy of the license is contained\par
in the file LICENSE-2.0.txt and is also available at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.\par
\par
The Apache attribution notice file NOTICE.TXT is included with the Content in accordance with 4d of the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
\par
The names "Felix" and "Apache Software Foundation" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this \par
software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
\par
###################################\par
about.html\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
June 3, 2008  \par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor&rsquo;s license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
Java Servlet API 2.5 (servlet-api.jar from Tomcat 6.0.14)\par
The plug-in includes software developed by The Apache Software Foundation as part of the Tomcat project.\par
\par
Your use of the servlet-api code is subject to the terms and conditions of the Apache Software License 2.0. A copy of the license is contained\par
in the file LICENSE.txt and is also available at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.\par
\par
The names "Tomcat" and "Apache Software Foundation" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this \par
software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
\par
Original binaries and source are available from the http://tomcat.apache.org Apache Tomcat website.\par
###################################\par
web-jsptaglibrary_2_0.xsd\par
\par
Copyright 2004 The Apache Software Foundation\par
\par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
\par
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
\par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
limitations under the License.\par
-->\par
<xsd:schema\par
targetNamespace="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
xmlns:j2ee="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"\par
xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace"\par
elementFormDefault="qualified"\par
attributeFormDefault="unqualified"\par
version="2.0">\par
\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
%W% %G%\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
\par
Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 901 San Antonio\par
Road, Palo Alto, California 94303, U.S.A. All rights\par
reserved.\par
\par
Sun Microsystems, Inc. has intellectual property rights\par
relating to technology described in this document. In\par
particular, and without limitation, these intellectual\par
property rights may include one or more of the U.S. patents\par
listed at http://www.sun.com/patents and one or more\par
additional patents or pending patent applications in the\par
U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
This document and the technology which it describes are\par
distributed under licenses restricting their use, copying,\par
distribution, and decompilation. No part of this document\par
may be reproduced in any form by any means without prior\par
written authorization of Sun and its licensors, if any.\par
\par
Third-party software, including font technology, is\par
copyrighted and licensed from Sun suppliers.\par
\par
Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun logo, Solaris, Java, J2EE,\par
JavaServer Pages, Enterprise JavaBeans and the Java Coffee\par
Cup logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun\par
Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
Federal Acquisitions: Commercial Software - Government Users\par
Subject to Standard License Terms and Conditions.\par
\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
<![CDATA[\par
\par
  This is the XML Schema for the JSP Taglibrary\par
  descriptor. All Taglibrary descriptors must\par
  indicate the tag library schema by using the Taglibrary\par
  namespace:\par
\par
  http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee\par
\par
  and by indicating the version of the schema by\par
  using the version element as shown below:\par
\par
   <taglib xmlns="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
   xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"\par
   xsi:schemaLocation="..."\par
   version="2.0">\par
   ...\par
   </taglib>\par
\par
  The instance documents may indicate the published\par
  version of the schema using xsi:schemaLocation attribute\par
  for J2EE namespace with the following location:\par
\par
  http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee/web-jsptaglibrary_2_0.xsd\par
\par
###################################\par
j2ee_web_services_1_1.xsd\par
\par
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>\par
<!--\par
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
\par
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
\par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
limitations under the License.\par
-->\par
<xsd:schema xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"\par
   targetNamespace="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
   xmlns:j2ee="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
   xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"\par
   elementFormDefault="qualified"\par
   attributeFormDefault="unqualified"\par
   version="1.1">\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
@(#)j2ee_web_services_1_1.xsds  1.11 02/11/03\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
\par
Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 901 San Antonio\par
Road, Palo Alto, California 94303, U.S.A. All rights\par
reserved.\par
\par
Sun Microsystems, Inc. has intellectual property rights\par
relating to technology described in this document. In\par
particular, and without limitation, these intellectual\par
property rights may include one or more of the U.S. patents\par
listed at http://www.sun.com/patents and one or more\par
additional patents or pending patent applications in the\par
U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
This document and the technology which it describes are\par
distributed under licenses restricting their use, copying,\par
distribution, and decompilation. No part of this document\par
may be reproduced in any form by any means without prior\par
written authorization of Sun and its licensors, if any.\par
\par
Third-party software, including font technology, is\par
copyrighted and licensed from Sun suppliers.\par
\par
Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun logo, Solaris, Java, J2EE,\par
JavaServer Pages, Enterprise JavaBeans and the Java Coffee\par
Cup logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun\par
Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
Federal Acquisitions: Commercial Software - Government Users\par
Subject to Standard License Terms and Conditions.\par
\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
\par
(C) Copyright International Business Machines Corporation 2002\par
\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
<![CDATA[\par
\par
  The webservices element is the root element for the web services\par
  deployment descriptor. It specifies the set of web service\par
  descriptions that are to be deployed into the J2EE Application\par
  Server and the dependencies they have on container resources and\par
  services. The deployment descriptor must be named\par
  "META-INF/webservices.xml" in the web services' jar file.\par
\par
  Used in: webservices.xml\par
\par
  All webservices deployment descriptors must indicate the\par
  webservices schema by using the J2EE namespace:\par
\par
  http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee\par
\par
  and by indicating the version of the schema by using the version\par
  element as shown below:\par
\par
   <webservices xmlns="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
   xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"\par
   xsi:schemaLocation="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee\par
    http://www.ibm.com/webservices/xsd/j2ee_web_services_1_1.xsd"\par
   version="1.1">\par
   ...\par
   </webservices>\par
\par
  The instance documents may indicate the published version of the\par
  schema using the xsi:schemaLocation attribute for the J2EE\par
  namespace with the following location:\par
\par
###################################\par
j2ee_1_4.xsd\par
\par
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>\par
<!--\par
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
\par
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
\par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
limitations under the License.\par
-->\par
<xsd:schema\par
targetNamespace="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
xmlns:j2ee="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"\par
elementFormDefault="qualified"\par
attributeFormDefault="unqualified"\par
version="1.4">\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
@(#)j2ee_1_4.xsds  1.43 03/09/16\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
\par
Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 901 San Antonio\par
Road, Palo Alto, California 94303, U.S.A. All rights\par
reserved.\par
\par
Sun Microsystems, Inc. has intellectual property rights\par
relating to technology described in this document. In\par
particular, and without limitation, these intellectual\par
property rights may include one or more of the U.S. patents\par
listed at http://www.sun.com/patents and one or more\par
additional patents or pending patent applications in the\par
U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
This document and the technology which it describes are\par
distributed under licenses restricting their use, copying,\par
distribution, and decompilation. No part of this document\par
may be reproduced in any form by any means without prior\par
written authorization of Sun and its licensors, if any.\par
\par
Third-party software, including font technology, is\par
copyrighted and licensed from Sun suppliers.\par
\par
Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun logo, Solaris, Java, J2EE,\par
JavaServer Pages, Enterprise JavaBeans and the Java Coffee\par
Cup logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun\par
Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
Federal Acquisitions: Commercial Software - Government Users\par
Subject to Standard License Terms and Conditions.\par
\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
\par
The following definitions that appear in the common\par
shareable schema(s) of J2EE deployment descriptors should be\par
interpreted with respect to the context they are included:\par
\par
Deployment Component may indicate one of the following:\par
j2ee application;\par
application client;\par
web application;\par
enterprise bean;\par
resource adapter;\par
\par
Deployment File may indicate one of the following:\par
ear file;\par
war file;\par
jar file;\par
rar file;\par
\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
\par
<xsd:import namespace="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace"\par
   schemaLocation="http://www.w3.org/2001/xml.xsd"/>\par
\par
<xsd:include schemaLocation=\par
  "http://www.ibm.com/webservices/xsd/j2ee_web_services_client_1_1.xsd"/>\par
\par
###################################\par
web-app_2_3.dtd\par
\par
<!--\par
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
\par
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
\par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
limitations under the License.\par
-->\par
<!--\par
Copyright 2000-2001 Sun Microsystems, Inc. 901 San Antonio Road,\par
Palo Alto, CA 94303, U.S.A. All rights reserved.\par
\par
This product or document is protected by copyright and distributed\par
under licenses restricting its use, copying, distribution, and\par
decompilation. No part of this product or documentation may be\par
reproduced in any form by any means without prior written authorization\par
of Sun and its licensors, if any.\par
\par
Third party software, including font technology, is copyrighted and\par
licensed from Sun suppliers.\par
\par
Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun Logo, Solaris, Java, JavaServer Pages, Java\par
Naming and Directory Interface, JDBC, JDK, JavaMail and Enterprise JavaBeans,\par
are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc in the U.S.\par
and other countries.\par
\par
All SPARC trademarks are used under license and are trademarks\par
or registered trademarks of SPARC International, Inc.\par
in the U.S. and other countries. Products bearing SPARC\par
trademarks are based upon an architecture developed by Sun Microsystems, Inc.\par
\par
PostScript is a registered trademark of Adobe Systems, Inc.\par
\par
Federal Acquisitions: Commercial Software - Government Users Subject to\par
Standard License Terms and Conditions.\par
\par
DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY\par
IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE DISCLAIMED, EXCEPT\par
TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH DISCLAIMERS ARE HELD TO BE LEGALLY\par
INVALID.\par
\par
_________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
Copyright 2000-2001 Sun Microsystems, Inc.,\par
901 San Antonio Road, Palo Alto, CA 94303, Etats-Unis.\par
Tous droits re'serve's.\par
\par
\par
Ce produit ou document est prote'ge' par un copyright et distribue' avec\par
des licences qui en restreignent l'utilisation, la copie, la distribution,\par
et la de'compilation. Aucune partie de ce produit ou de sa documentation\par
associe'e ne peut etre reproduite sous aucune forme, par quelque moyen\par
que ce soit, sans l'autorisation pre'alable et e'crite de Sun et de ses\par
bailleurs de licence, s'il y en a.\par
\par
Le logiciel de'tenu par des tiers, et qui comprend la technologie\par
relative aux polices de caracte`res, est prote'ge' par un copyright\par
et licencie' par des fournisseurs de Sun.\par
\par
Sun, Sun Microsystems, le logo Sun, Solaris, Java, JavaServer Pages, Java\par
Naming and Directory Interface, JDBC, JDK, JavaMail, et Enterprise JavaBeans,\par
sont des marques de fabrique ou des marques de'pose'es de Sun\par
Microsystems, Inc. aux Etats-Unis et dans d'autres pays.\par
\par
Toutes les marques SPARC sont utilise'es sous licence et sont\par
des marques de fabrique ou des marques de'pose'es de SPARC\par
International, Inc. aux Etats-Unis et dans\par
d'autres pays. Les produits portant les marques SPARC sont\par
base's sur une architecture de'veloppe'e par Sun Microsystems, Inc.\par
\par
Postcript est une marque enregistre'e d'Adobe Systems Inc.\par
\par
LA DOCUMENTATION EST FOURNIE "EN L'ETAT" ET TOUTES AUTRES CONDITIONS,\par
DECLARATIONS ET GARANTIES EXPRESSES OU TACITES SONT FORMELLEMENT EXCLUES,\par
DANS LA MESURE AUTORISEE PAR LA LOI APPLICABLE, Y COMPRIS NOTAMMENT\par
TOUTE GARANTIE IMPLICITE RELATIVE A LA QUALITE MARCHANDE, A L'APTITUDE\par
A UNE UTILISATION PARTICULIERE OU A L'ABSENCE DE CONTREFACON.\par
-->\par
\par
###################################\par
web-app_2_4.xsd\par
\par
<!--\par
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
\par
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
\par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
limitations under the License.\par
-->\par
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>\par
<xsd:schema xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"\par
   targetNamespace="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
   xmlns:j2ee="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
   xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"\par
   elementFormDefault="qualified"\par
   attributeFormDefault="unqualified"\par
   version="2.4">\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
%W% %E%\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
\par
Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 901 San Antonio\par
Road, Palo Alto, California 94303, U.S.A. All rights\par
reserved.\par
\par
Sun Microsystems, Inc. has intellectual property rights\par
relating to technology described in this document. In\par
particular, and without limitation, these intellectual\par
property rights may include one or more of the U.S. patents\par
listed at http://www.sun.com/patents and one or more\par
additional patents or pending patent applications in the\par
U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
This document and the technology which it describes are\par
distributed under licenses restricting their use, copying,\par
distribution, and decompilation. No part of this document\par
may be reproduced in any form by any means without prior\par
written authorization of Sun and its licensors, if any.\par
\par
Third-party software, including font technology, is\par
copyrighted and licensed from Sun suppliers.\par
\par
Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun logo, Solaris, Java, J2EE,\par
JavaServer Pages, Enterprise JavaBeans and the Java Coffee\par
Cup logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun\par
Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
Federal Acquisitions: Commercial Software - Government Users\par
Subject to Standard License Terms and Conditions.\par
\par
###################################\par
about.html\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
April 14, 2008\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this\par
plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise indicated below, the Content is\par
provided to you under the terms and conditions of the Eclipse Public\par
License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse\par
Foundation, the Content is being redistributed by another party\par
("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may apply to your\par
use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license\par
that was provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact\par
the Redistributor. Unless otherwise indicated below, the terms and\par
conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content and\par
such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third\par
parties as set out below. If you did not receive this Content directly\par
from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided for informational\par
purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for\par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
W3C DTDs\par
\par
The plug-in is accompanied by document type definitions ("\par
W3C DTDs") defined by the the W3C Extensible HyperText Markup\par
Language (XHTML) 1.1. XHTML is described at http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/.\par
The W3C DTDs are the following files located in the plug-in:\par
\par
  xhtml11.dtd obtained from http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd\par
  xhtml11-flat.dtd obtained from http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd\par
  xhtml1-frameset.dtd obtained from http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-frameset.dtd\par
  xhtml1-strict.dtd obtained from http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd\par
  xhtml1-transitional.dtd obtained from http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd\par
  xhtml-lat1.ent obtained from http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml-lat1.ent\par
  xhtml-special.ent obtained from http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml-special.ent\par
  xhtml-symbol.ent obtained from http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml-symbol.ent\par
\par
As described in section 5.10 of the FAQ located at http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/IPR-FAQ-20000620.html#DTD,\par
your use of the W3C DTDs is governed by the terms and conditions of the\par
W3C Software License a copy of which is included in the file about_files/copyright-software-19980720.htm\par
and is also available at http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/copyright-software-19980720</a>.\par
\par
###################################\par
about.html\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
June 2, 2006  \par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
    did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
    for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for \par
    terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
FileInstall 1.0\par
\par
The bundle includes derivative works of software originally developed by Peter Kriens (aQute).\par
    That original work was licensed under the EPL v1.0 and this derivative work is similarly licensed.\par
\par
###################################\par
about.html\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
June 3, 2008\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
Apache Commons EL 1.0\par
\par
The plug-in includes software developed by The Apache Software Foundation as part of the Commons EL project.\par
\par
Your use of the Commons EL code is subject to the terms and conditions of the Apache Software License 2.0. A copy of the license is contained\par
in the file LICENSE.txt and is also available at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.\par
\par
The names "Commons EL" and "Apache Software Foundation" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this \par
software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
\par
<p>Original binaries and source are available from the <a href="http://commons.apache.org/el/">Apache Commons EL website</a>.</p>\par
###################################\par
about.html\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
May 30, 2008 \par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
Apache Commons Codec 1.3\par
\par
This code is licensed under the Apache License v2.0 and can be found at \par
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt. \par
(about_files/LICENSE.txt local copy)\par
\par
Original binaries and source are available from the http://commons.apache.org/codec/ Apache Commons Codec website\par
\par
###################################\par
about.html\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
October 8, 2009 \par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
Ant 1.7.1\par
\par
The following classes in the plug-in JAR are based on Ant code developed by The Apache Software Foundation and shall be defined as the "Ant-Derived Work":\par
\par
  org.eclipse.ant.internal.core.ant.InternalAntRunner\par
  org.eclipse.ant.internal.core.ant.InternalProject\par
\par
The binary code for the Ant-Derived Work is located in lib/antsupportlib.jar and the source code is located in lib/antsupportlibsrc.zip.\par
\par
Your use of the Ant-Derived Work is subject to the terms and conditions of the Apache Software License 2.0. A copy of the license is contained\par
in the file about_files/asl-v20.txt and is also available at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.\par
\par
The names "Ant" and "Apache Software Foundation" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this \par
software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
\par
The Apache attribution NOTICE file is included with the Content in accordance with 4d of the Apache License, Version 2.0.\par
###################################\par
about.html\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
August 25, 2006\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
Jakarta Commons Collections\par
\par
The plug-in includes software developed by The Apache Software Foundation as part of the Jakarta Commons Collections project.\par
\par
The Jakarta Commons Collections binary code can be found in the plug-in JAR in the following files:\par
\par
org\eclipse\core\internal\registry\ReferenceMap.class\par
\par
The Jakarta Commons Collections source code can be found in src.zip in the following files:\par
\par
org\eclipse\core\internal\registry\ReferenceMap.java\par
\par
Your use of the Jakarta Commons Collections code is subject to the terms and conditions of the Apache License, Version 2.0. A copy of the license is contained\par
in the file LICENSE-2.0.txt and is also available at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.\par
\par
The Apache attribution notice file NOTICE.TXT is included with the Content in accordance with 4d of the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
\par
The names "Jakarta" and "Apache Software Foundation" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this \par
software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact @apache.org.\par
\par
Java and all Java-based trademarks and logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the United States and other countries.\par
\par
###################################\par
about.html\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
June 3, 2008\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
Apache Jasper 2 from Tomcat 5.5.17\par
\par
The plug-in includes software developed by The Apache Software Foundation as part of the Tomcat project.\par
\par
Your use of the Jasper 2 code is subject to the terms and conditions of the Apache Software License 2.0. A copy of the license is contained\par
in the file LICENSE.txt and is also available at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.\par
\par
The names "Tomcat" and "Apache Software Foundation" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this \par
software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
\par
Original binaries and source are available from the http://tomcat.apache.org Apache Tomcat website.\par
\par
As part of this distribution a fix for UNC file support was applied to org.apache.jasper.JSPCompilationContext and is available in the org.apache.jasper source bundle.\par
For more details see https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=262641\par
###################################\par
about.html\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
June 8, 2007\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
    \par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
Commons HttpClient 3.1\par
\par
The plug-in includes Commons HttpClient 3.1 ("Commons HttpClient") developed by the Apache Software Foundation as part of the Apache Commons project. Therefore:\par
\par
This product includes software developed by the Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).\par
\par
The Commons HttpClient binary code is included with no modifications except postprocessing\par
(pack200 conditioning and signing). The corresponding Commons HttpClient source code is located in src.zip.\par
\par
Commons HttpClient is:\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997-2005 The Apache Software Foundation. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Your use of the Commons HttpClient code is subject to the terms and conditions of the Apache Software License 2.0. A copy of the license is contained\par
in the file LICENSE.txt and is also available at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.\par
\par
The Apache attribution NOTICE.txt file is included with the Content in accordance with 4d of the Apache License, Version 2.0.\par
\par
Examples and documentation as well as updated source code for Commons HttpClient is available at http://hc.apache.org/httpclient-3.x/.\par
\par
###################################\par
\par
about.html\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
June 3, 2008\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
Java Servlet API 2.4 (servlet-api.jar from Tomcat 5.5.17)\par
\par
The plug-in includes software developed by The Apache Software Foundation as part of the Tomcat project.\par
\par
Your use of the servlet-api code is subject to the terms and conditions of the Apache Software License 2.0. A copy of the license is contained\par
in the file LICENSE.txt and is also available at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.\par
\par
The names "Tomcat" and "Apache Software Foundation" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this \par
software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
\par
<p>Original binaries and source are available from the http://tomcat.apache.org Apache Tomcat website.\par
\par
###################################\par
j2ee_web_services_1_1.xsd\par
\par
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>\par
<xsd:schema xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"\par
   targetNamespace="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
   xmlns:j2ee="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
   xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"\par
   elementFormDefault="qualified"\par
   attributeFormDefault="unqualified"\par
   version="1.1">\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
@(#)j2ee_web_services_1_1.xsds  1.11 02/11/03\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
\par
Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 901 San Antonio\par
Road, Palo Alto, California 94303, U.S.A. All rights\par
reserved.\par
\par
Sun Microsystems, Inc. has intellectual property rights\par
relating to technology described in this document. In\par
particular, and without limitation, these intellectual\par
property rights may include one or more of the U.S. patents\par
listed at http://www.sun.com/patents and one or more\par
additional patents or pending patent applications in the\par
U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
This document and the technology which it describes are\par
distributed under licenses restricting their use, copying,\par
distribution, and decompilation. No part of this document\par
may be reproduced in any form by any means without prior\par
written authorization of Sun and its licensors, if any.\par
\par
Third-party software, including font technology, is\par
copyrighted and licensed from Sun suppliers.\par
\par
Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun logo, Solaris, Java, J2EE,\par
JavaServer Pages, Enterprise JavaBeans and the Java Coffee\par
Cup logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun\par
Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
Federal Acquisitions: Commercial Software - Government Users\par
Subject to Standard License Terms and Conditions.\par
\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
\par
(C) Copyright International Business Machines Corporation 2002\par
###################################\par
j2ee_1_4.xsd\par
\par
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>\par
<xsd:schema\par
targetNamespace="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
xmlns:j2ee="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"\par
elementFormDefault="qualified"\par
attributeFormDefault="unqualified"\par
version="1.4">\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
@(#)j2ee_1_4.xsds  1.42 03/08/01\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
\par
Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 901 San Antonio\par
Road, Palo Alto, California 94303, U.S.A. All rights\par
reserved.\par
\par
Sun Microsystems, Inc. has intellectual property rights\par
relating to technology described in this document. In\par
particular, and without limitation, these intellectual\par
property rights may include one or more of the U.S. patents\par
listed at http://www.sun.com/patents and one or more\par
additional patents or pending patent applications in the\par
U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
This document and the technology which it describes are\par
distributed under licenses restricting their use, copying,\par
distribution, and decompilation. No part of this document\par
may be reproduced in any form by any means without prior\par
written authorization of Sun and its licensors, if any.\par
\par
Third-party software, including font technology, is\par
copyrighted and licensed from Sun suppliers.\par
\par
Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun logo, Solaris, Java, J2EE,\par
JavaServer Pages, Enterprise JavaBeans and the Java Coffee\par
Cup logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun\par
Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
Federal Acquisitions: Commercial Software - Government Users\par
Subject to Standard License Terms and Conditions.\par
\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
\par
The following definitions that appear in the common\par
shareable schema(s) of J2EE deployment descriptors should be\par
interpreted with respect to the context they are included:\par
\par
Deployment Component may indicate one of the following:\par
j2ee application;\par
application client;\par
web application;\par
enterprise bean;\par
resource adapter;\par
\par
Deployment File may indicate one of the following:\par
ear file;\par
war file;\par
jar file;\par
rar file;\par
\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
\par
<xsd:import namespace="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace"\par
   schemaLocation="http://www.w3.org/2001/xml.xsd"/>\par
\par
<xsd:include schemaLocation=\par
  "http://www.ibm.com/webservices/xsd/j2ee_web_services_client_1_1.xsd"/>\par
###################################\par
web-app_2_3.dtd\par
\par
<!--\par
Copyright 2000-2001 Sun Microsystems, Inc. 901 San Antonio Road,\par
Palo Alto, CA 94303, U.S.A. All rights reserved.\par
\par
This product or document is protected by copyright and distributed\par
under licenses restricting its use, copying, distribution, and\par
decompilation. No part of this product or documentation may be\par
reproduced in any form by any means without prior written authorization\par
of Sun and its licensors, if any.\par
\par
Third party software, including font technology, is copyrighted and\par
licensed from Sun suppliers.\par
\par
Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun Logo, Solaris, Java, JavaServer Pages, Java\par
Naming and Directory Interface, JDBC, JDK, JavaMail and Enterprise JavaBeans,\par
are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc in the U.S.\par
and other countries.\par
\par
All SPARC trademarks are used under license and are trademarks\par
or registered trademarks of SPARC International, Inc.\par
in the U.S. and other countries. Products bearing SPARC\par
trademarks are based upon an architecture developed by Sun Microsystems, Inc.\par
\par
PostScript is a registered trademark of Adobe Systems, Inc.\par
\par
Federal Acquisitions: Commercial Software - Government Users Subject to\par
Standard License Terms and Conditions.\par
\par
DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY\par
IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE DISCLAIMED, EXCEPT\par
TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH DISCLAIMERS ARE HELD TO BE LEGALLY\par
INVALID.\par
\par
_________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
Copyright 2000-2001 Sun Microsystems, Inc.,\par
901 San Antonio Road, Palo Alto, CA 94303, Etats-Unis.\par
Tous droits re'serve's.\par
\par
\par
Ce produit ou document est prote'ge' par un copyright et distribue' avec\par
des licences qui en restreignent l'utilisation, la copie, la distribution,\par
et la de'compilation. Aucune partie de ce produit ou de sa documentation\par
associe'e ne peut etre reproduite sous aucune forme, par quelque moyen\par
que ce soit, sans l'autorisation pre'alable et e'crite de Sun et de ses\par
bailleurs de licence, s'il y en a.\par
\par
Le logiciel de'tenu par des tiers, et qui comprend la technologie\par
relative aux polices de caracte`res, est prote'ge' par un copyright\par
et licencie' par des fournisseurs de Sun.\par
\par
Sun, Sun Microsystems, le logo Sun, Solaris, Java, JavaServer Pages, Java\par
Naming and Directory Interface, JDBC, JDK, JavaMail, et Enterprise JavaBeans,\par
sont des marques de fabrique ou des marques de'pose'es de Sun\par
Microsystems, Inc. aux Etats-Unis et dans d'autres pays.\par
\par
Toutes les marques SPARC sont utilise'es sous licence et sont\par
des marques de fabrique ou des marques de'pose'es de SPARC\par
International, Inc. aux Etats-Unis et dans\par
d'autres pays. Les produits portant les marques SPARC sont\par
base's sur une architecture de'veloppe'e par Sun Microsystems, Inc.\par
\par
Postcript est une marque enregistre'e d'Adobe Systems Inc.\par
\par
LA DOCUMENTATION EST FOURNIE "EN L'ETAT" ET TOUTES AUTRES CONDITIONS,\par
DECLARATIONS ET GARANTIES EXPRESSES OU TACITES SONT FORMELLEMENT EXCLUES,\par
DANS LA MESURE AUTORISEE PAR LA LOI APPLICABLE, Y COMPRIS NOTAMMENT\par
TOUTE GARANTIE IMPLICITE RELATIVE A LA QUALITE MARCHANDE, A L'APTITUDE\par
A UNE UTILISATION PARTICULIERE OU A L'ABSENCE DE CONTREFACON.\par
-->\par
\par
###################################\par
j2ee_web_services_client_1_1.xsd\par
\par
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>\par
<xsd:schema xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"\par
   targetNamespace="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
   xmlns:j2ee="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
   xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"\par
   elementFormDefault="qualified"\par
   attributeFormDefault="unqualified"\par
   version="1.1">\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
@(#)j2ee_web_services_client_1_1.xsds  1.10 02/11/03\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
\par
Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 901 San Antonio\par
Road, Palo Alto, California 94303, U.S.A. All rights\par
reserved.\par
\par
Sun Microsystems, Inc. has intellectual property rights\par
relating to technology described in this document. In\par
particular, and without limitation, these intellectual\par
property rights may include one or more of the U.S. patents\par
listed at http://www.sun.com/patents and one or more\par
additional patents or pending patent applications in the\par
U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
This document and the technology which it describes are\par
distributed under licenses restricting their use, copying,\par
distribution, and decompilation. No part of this document\par
may be reproduced in any form by any means without prior\par
written authorization of Sun and its licensors, if any.\par
\par
Third-party software, including font technology, is\par
copyrighted and licensed from Sun suppliers.\par
\par
Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun logo, Solaris, Java, J2EE,\par
JavaServer Pages, Enterprise JavaBeans and the Java Coffee\par
Cup logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun\par
Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
Federal Acquisitions: Commercial Software - Government Users\par
Subject to Standard License Terms and Conditions.\par
\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
\par
(C) Copyright International Business Machines Corporation 2002\par
\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
###################################\par
\par
web-app_2_4.xsd\par
\par
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>\par
<xsd:schema xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"\par
   targetNamespace="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
   xmlns:j2ee="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/j2ee"\par
   xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema"\par
   elementFormDefault="qualified"\par
   attributeFormDefault="unqualified"\par
   version="2.4">\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
%W% %E%\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
\par
<xsd:annotation>\par
<xsd:documentation>\par
\par
Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 901 San Antonio\par
Road, Palo Alto, California 94303, U.S.A. All rights\par
reserved.\par
\par
Sun Microsystems, Inc. has intellectual property rights\par
relating to technology described in this document. In\par
particular, and without limitation, these intellectual\par
property rights may include one or more of the U.S. patents\par
listed at http://www.sun.com/patents and one or more\par
additional patents or pending patent applications in the\par
U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
This document and the technology which it describes are\par
distributed under licenses restricting their use, copying,\par
distribution, and decompilation. No part of this document\par
may be reproduced in any form by any means without prior\par
written authorization of Sun and its licensors, if any.\par
\par
Third-party software, including font technology, is\par
copyrighted and licensed from Sun suppliers.\par
\par
Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun logo, Solaris, Java, J2EE,\par
JavaServer Pages, Enterprise JavaBeans and the Java Coffee\par
Cup logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun\par
Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
Federal Acquisitions: Commercial Software - Government Users\par
Subject to Standard License Terms and Conditions.\par
\par
</xsd:documentation>\par
</xsd:annotation>\par
###################################\par
UCharacterProperty.java\par
\par
/**\par
*******************************************************************************\par
* Copyright (C) 1996-2008, International Business Machines Corporation and *\par
* others. All Rights Reserved. *\par
*******************************************************************************\par
*/\par
###################################\par
ICURWLock.java\par
\par
/**\par
*******************************************************************************\par
* Copyright (C) 2001-2006, International Business Machines Corporation and *\par
* others. All Rights Reserved. *\par
*******************************************************************************\par
*/\par
\par
###################################\par
\par
UCharacter.java\par
SimpleDateFormat.java\par
/**\par
*******************************************************************************\par
* Copyright (C) 1996-2009, International Business Machines Corporation and *\par
* others. All Rights Reserved. *\par
*******************************************************************************\par
*/\par
\par
###################################\par
ThaiBreakIterator.java\par
DictionaryBasedBreakIterator.java\par
/*\par
*******************************************************************************\par
* Copyright (C) 1996-2008, International Business Machines Corporation and *\par
* others. All Rights Reserved. *\par
*******************************************************************************\par
*/\par
\par
###################################\par
BidiLine.java\par
/*\par
*******************************************************************************\par
* Copyright (C) 2001-2007, International Business Machines\par
* Corporation and others. All Rights Reserved.\par
*******************************************************************************\par
*/\par
###################################\par
\par
* The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version\par
* 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
* the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
* http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/\par
*\par
* Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,\par
* WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License\par
* for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the\par
* License.\par
*\par
* The Original Code is Mozilla Communicator client code, released March 31, 1998.\par
*\par
* The Initial Developer of the Original Code is\par
* Netscape Communications Corporation.\par
* Portions created by Netscape are Copyright (C) 1998-1999\par
* Netscape Communications Corporation. All Rights Reserved.\par
*\par
* Contributor(s):\par
*\par
* IBM\par
* - Binding to permit interfacing between Mozilla and SWT\par
* - Copyright (C) 2003, 2008 IBM Corp. All Rights Reserved.\par
*\par
###################################\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
###################################\par
\par
/*******************************************************************************\par
* Copyright (c) 2000, 2008 IBM Corporation and others. All rights reserved.\par
* The contents of this file are made available under the terms\par
* of the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL) Version 2.1 that\par
* accompanies this distribution (lgpl-v21.txt). The LGPL is also\par
* available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html. If the version\par
* of the LGPL at http://www.gnu.org is different to the version of\par
* the LGPL accompanying this distribution and there is any conflict\par
* between the two license versions, the terms of the LGPL accompanying\par
* this distribution shall govern.\par
* \par
* Contributors:\par
* IBM Corporation - initial API and implementation\par
*******************************************************************************/\par
\par
###################################\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
23 Dec 2008\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in (Cont"ent"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
JSch 0.1.41\par
\par
The plug-in is based on software developed by Atsuhiko Yamanaka, JCraft, Inc., and others and\par
made available at http://www.jcraft.com/.\par
\par
The Content shall be defined as the "JSch".\par
\par
Use of JSch is governed by the terms and conditions of the following license:\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2002,2008 Atsuhiko Yamanaka, JCraft,Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. The names of the authors may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL JCRAFT,\par
INC. OR ANY CONTRIBUTORS TO THIS SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA,\par
OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,\par
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
Cryptography\par
\par
Export Control\par
\par
The plug-in contains encryption software. The country in which you are currently may have restrictions on the import, possession,\par
and use, and/or re-export to another country, of encryption software. BEFORE using any encryption software, please check the country's\par
laws, regulations and policies concerning the import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption software, to see if this\par
is permitted.\par
\par
Encryption Items\par
\par
Details of the encryption software in this plug-in are provided to assist in obtaining relevant export control classification and approval.\par
Cryptography in this plug-in has been deemed eligible by the U.S. Government Department of Commerce for export under License Exception Technology Software Unrestricted (TSU) for both object code and source code.\par
\par
The plug-in contains the implementation of a keyed-hash message authentication code (HMAC). It also relies on cryptographic algorithms \par
provided by the Java \u153T Cryptography Extension (JCE) to support the implementation of the Secure Shell 2 (SSH2) protocol.\par
\par
The following Java classes contain encryption items (the plug-in may contain both binary and source code):\par
\par
\par
com.jcraft.jsch.jcraft.HMAC\par
\par
\par
Java and all Java-based trademarks are trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the United States, other countries, or both.\par
\par
/*\par
Copyright (c) 2002-2008 ymnk, JCraft,Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in \par
the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. The names of the authors may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL JCRAFT,\par
INC. OR ANY CONTRIBUTORS TO THIS SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA,\par
OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,\par
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
###################################\par
\par
/*******************************************************************************\par
* Copyright (c) 2000, 2010 IBM Corporation and others. All rights reserved.\par
* The contents of this file are made available under the terms\par
* of the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL) Version 2.1 that\par
* accompanies this distribution (lgpl-v21.txt). The LGPL is also\par
* available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html. If the version\par
* of the LGPL at http://www.gnu.org is different to the version of\par
* the LGPL accompanying this distribution and there is any conflict\par
* between the two license versions, the terms of the LGPL accompanying\par
* this distribution shall govern.\par
* \par
* Contributors:\par
* IBM Corporation - initial API and implementation\par
*******************************************************************************/\par
###################################\par
\par
The Independent JPEG Group's JPEG software\par
==========================================\par
\par
README for release 6b of 27-Mar-1998\par
====================================\par
\par
This distribution contains the sixth public release of the Independent JPEG\par
Group's free JPEG software. You are welcome to redistribute this software and\par
to use it for any purpose, subject to the conditions under LEGAL ISSUES, below.\par
\par
Serious users of this software (particularly those incorporating it into\par
larger programs) should contact IJG at jpeg-info@uunet.uu.net to be added to\par
our electronic mailing list. Mailing list members are notified of updates\par
and have a chance to participate in technical discussions, etc.\par
\par
This software is the work of Tom Lane, Philip Gladstone, Jim Boucher,\par
Lee Crocker, Julian Minguillon, Luis Ortiz, George Phillips, Davide Rossi,\par
Guido Vollbeding, Ge' Weijers, and other members of the Independent JPEG\par
Group.\par
\par
IJG is not affiliated with the official ISO JPEG standards committee.\par
\par
\par
DOCUMENTATION ROADMAP\par
=====================\par
\par
This file contains the following sections:\par
\par
OVERVIEW General description of JPEG and the IJG software.\par
LEGAL ISSUES Copyright, lack of warranty, terms of distribution.\par
REFERENCES Where to learn more about JPEG.\par
ARCHIVE LOCATIONS Where to find newer versions of this software.\par
RELATED SOFTWARE Other stuff you should get.\par
FILE FORMAT WARS Software *not* to get.\par
TO DO Plans for future IJG releases.\par
\par
Other documentation files in the distribution are:\par
\par
User documentation:\par
install.doc How to configure and install the IJG software.\par
usage.doc Usage instructions for cjpeg, djpeg, jpegtran,\par
rdjpgcom, and wrjpgcom.\par
*.1 Unix-style man pages for programs (same info as usage.doc).\par
wizard.doc Advanced usage instructions for JPEG wizards only.\par
change.log Version-to-version change highlights.\par
Programmer and internal documentation:\par
libjpeg.doc How to use the JPEG library in your own programs.\par
example.c Sample code for calling the JPEG library.\par
structure.doc Overview of the JPEG library's internal structure.\par
filelist.doc Road map of IJG files.\par
coderules.doc Coding style rules --- please read if you contribute code.\par
\par
Please read at least the files install.doc and usage.doc. Useful information\par
can also be found in the JPEG FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) article. See\par
ARCHIVE LOCATIONS below to find out where to obtain the FAQ article.\par
\par
If you want to understand how the JPEG code works, we suggest reading one or\par
more of the REFERENCES, then looking at the documentation files (in roughly\par
the order listed) before diving into the code.\par
\par
\par
OVERVIEW\par
========\par
\par
This package contains C software to implement JPEG image compression and\par
decompression. JPEG (pronounced "jay-peg") is a standardized compression\par
method for full-color and gray-scale images. JPEG is intended for compressing\par
"real-world" scenes; line drawings, cartoons and other non-realistic images\par
are not its strong suit. JPEG is lossy, meaning that the output image is not\par
exactly identical to the input image. Hence you must not use JPEG if you\par
have to have identical output bits. However, on typical photographic images,\par
very good compression levels can be obtained with no visible change, and\par
remarkably high compression levels are possible if you can tolerate a\par
low-quality image. For more details, see the references, or just experiment\par
with various compression settings.\par
\par
This software implements JPEG baseline, extended-sequential, and progressive\par
compression processes. Provision is made for supporting all variants of these\par
processes, although some uncommon parameter settings aren't implemented yet.\par
For legal reasons, we are not distributing code for the arithmetic-coding\par
variants of JPEG; see LEGAL ISSUES. We have made no provision for supporting\par
the hierarchical or lossless processes defined in the standard.\par
\par
We provide a set of library routines for reading and writing JPEG image files,\par
plus two sample applications "cjpeg" and "djpeg", which use the library to\par
perform conversion between JPEG and some other popular image file formats.\par
The library is intended to be reused in other applications.\par
\par
In order to support file conversion and viewing software, we have included\par
considerable functionality beyond the bare JPEG coding/decoding capability;\par
for example, the color quantization modules are not strictly part of JPEG\par
decoding, but they are essential for output to colormapped file formats or\par
colormapped displays. These extra functions can be compiled out of the\par
library if not required for a particular application. We have also included\par
"jpegtran", a utility for lossless transcoding between different JPEG\par
processes, and "rdjpgcom" and "wrjpgcom", two simple applications for\par
inserting and extracting textual comments in JFIF files.\par
\par
The emphasis in designing this software has been on achieving portability and\par
flexibility, while also making it fast enough to be useful. In particular,\par
the software is not intended to be read as a tutorial on JPEG. (See the\par
REFERENCES section for introductory material.) Rather, it is intended to\par
be reliable, portable, industrial-strength code. We do not claim to have\par
achieved that goal in every aspect of the software, but we strive for it.\par
\par
We welcome the use of this software as a component of commercial products.\par
No royalty is required, but we do ask for an acknowledgement in product\par
documentation, as described under LEGAL ISSUES.\par
\par
\par
LEGAL ISSUES\par
============\par
\par
In plain English:\par
\par
1. We don't promise that this software works. (But if you find any bugs,\par
please let us know!)\par
2. You can use this software for whatever you want. You don't have to pay us.\par
3. You may not pretend that you wrote this software. If you use it in a\par
program, you must acknowledge somewhere in your documentation that\par
you've used the IJG code.\par
\par
In legalese:\par
\par
The authors make NO WARRANTY or representation, either express or implied,\par
with respect to this software, its quality, accuracy, merchantability, or\par
fitness for a particular purpose. This software is provided "AS IS", and you,\par
its user, assume the entire risk as to its quality and accuracy.\par
\par
This software is copyright (C) 1991-1998, Thomas G. Lane.\par
All Rights Reserved except as specified below.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software (or portions thereof) for any purpose, without fee, subject to these\par
conditions:\par
(1) If any part of the source code for this software is distributed, then this\par
README file must be included, with this copyright and no-warranty notice\par
unaltered; and any additions, deletions, or changes to the original files\par
must be clearly indicated in accompanying documentation.\par
(2) If only executable code is distributed, then the accompanying\par
documentation must state that "this software is based in part on the work of\par
the Independent JPEG Group".\par
(3) Permission for use of this software is granted only if the user accepts\par
full responsibility for any undesirable consequences; the authors accept\par
NO LIABILITY for damages of any kind.\par
\par
These conditions apply to any software derived from or based on the IJG code,\par
not just to the unmodified library. If you use our work, you ought to\par
acknowledge us.\par
\par
Permission is NOT granted for the use of any IJG author's name or company name\par
in advertising or publicity relating to this software or products derived from\par
it. This software may be referred to only as "the Independent JPEG Group's\par
software".\par
\par
We specifically permit and encourage the use of this software as the basis of\par
commercial products, provided that all warranty or liability claims are\par
assumed by the product vendor.\par
\par
\par
ansi2knr.c is included in this distribution by permission of L. Peter Deutsch,\par
sole proprietor of its copyright holder, Aladdin Enterprises of Menlo Park, CA.\par
ansi2knr.c is NOT covered by the above copyright and conditions, but instead\par
by the usual distribution terms of the Free Software Foundation; principally,\par
that you must include source code if you redistribute it. (See the file\par
ansi2knr.c for full details.) However, since ansi2knr.c is not needed as part\par
of any program generated from the IJG code, this does not limit you more than\par
the foregoing paragraphs do.\par
\par
The Unix configuration script "configure" was produced with GNU Autoconf.\par
It is copyright by the Free Software Foundation but is freely distributable.\par
The same holds for its supporting scripts (config.guess, config.sub,\par
ltconfig, ltmain.sh). Another support script, install-sh, is copyright\par
by M.I.T. but is also freely distributable.\par
\par
It appears that the arithmetic coding option of the JPEG spec is covered by\par
patents owned by IBM, AT&T, and Mitsubishi. Hence arithmetic coding cannot\par
legally be used without obtaining one or more licenses. For this reason,\par
support for arithmetic coding has been removed from the free JPEG software.\par
(Since arithmetic coding provides only a marginal gain over the unpatented\par
Huffman mode, it is unlikely that very many implementations will support it.)\par
So far as we are aware, there are no patent restrictions on the remaining\par
code.\par
\par
The IJG distribution formerly included code to read and write GIF files.\par
To avoid entanglement with the Unisys LZW patent, GIF reading support has\par
been removed altogether, and the GIF writer has been simplified to produce\par
"uncompressed GIFs". This technique does not use the LZW algorithm; the\par
resulting GIF files are larger than usual, but are readable by all standard\par
GIF decoders.\par
\par
We are required to state that\par
"The Graphics Interchange Format(c) is the Copyright property of\par
CompuServe Incorporated. GIF(sm) is a Service Mark property of\par
CompuServe Incorporated."\par
\par
\par
REFERENCES\par
==========\par
\par
We highly recommend reading one or more of these references before trying to\par
understand the innards of the JPEG software.\par
\par
The best short technical introduction to the JPEG compression algorithm is\par
  Wallace, Gregory K. "The JPEG Still Picture Compression Standard",\par
  Communications of the ACM, April 1991 (vol. 34 no. 4), pp. 30-44.\par
(Adjacent articles in that issue discuss MPEG motion picture compression,\par
applications of JPEG, and related topics.) If you don't have the CACM issue\par
handy, a PostScript file containing a revised version of Wallace's article is\par
available at ftp://ftp.uu.net/graphics/jpeg/wallace.ps.gz. The file (actually\par
a preprint for an article that appeared in IEEE Trans. Consumer Electronics)\par
omits the sample images that appeared in CACM, but it includes corrections\par
and some added material. Note: the Wallace article is copyright ACM and IEEE,\par
and it may not be used for commercial purposes.\par
\par
A somewhat less technical, more leisurely introduction to JPEG can be found in\par
"The Data Compression Book" by Mark Nelson and Jean-loup Gailly, published by\par
M&T Books (New York), 2nd ed. 1996, ISBN 1-55851-434-1. This book provides\par
good explanations and example C code for a multitude of compression methods\par
including JPEG. It is an excellent source if you are comfortable reading C\par
code but don't know much about data compression in general. The book's JPEG\par
sample code is far from industrial-strength, but when you are ready to look\par
at a full implementation, you've got one here...\par
\par
The best full description of JPEG is the textbook "JPEG Still Image Data\par
Compression Standard" by William B. Pennebaker and Joan L. Mitchell, published\par
by Van Nostrand Reinhold, 1993, ISBN 0-442-01272-1. Price US$59.95, 638 pp.\par
The book includes the complete text of the ISO JPEG standards (DIS 10918-1\par
and draft DIS 10918-2). This is by far the most complete exposition of JPEG\par
in existence, and we highly recommend it.\par
\par
The JPEG standard itself is not available electronically; you must order a\par
paper copy through ISO or ITU. (Unless you feel a need to own a certified\par
official copy, we recommend buying the Pennebaker and Mitchell book instead;\par
it's much cheaper and includes a great deal of useful explanatory material.)\par
In the USA, copies of the standard may be ordered from ANSI Sales at (212)\par
642-4900, or from Global Engineering Documents at (800) 854-7179. (ANSI\par
doesn't take credit card orders, but Global does.) It's not cheap: as of\par
1992, ANSI was charging $95 for Part 1 and $47 for Part 2, plus 7%\par
shipping/handling. The standard is divided into two parts, Part 1 being the\par
actual specification, while Part 2 covers compliance testing methods. Part 1\par
is titled "Digital Compression and Coding of Continuous-tone Still Images,\par
Part 1: Requirements and guidelines" and has document numbers ISO/IEC IS\par
10918-1, ITU-T T.81. Part 2 is titled "Digital Compression and Coding of\par
Continuous-tone Still Images, Part 2: Compliance testing" and has document\par
numbers ISO/IEC IS 10918-2, ITU-T T.83.\par
\par
Some extensions to the original JPEG standard are defined in JPEG Part 3,\par
a newer ISO standard numbered ISO/IEC IS 10918-3 and ITU-T T.84. IJG\par
currently does not support any Part 3 extensions.\par
\par
The JPEG standard does not specify all details of an interchangeable file\par
format. For the omitted details we follow the "JFIF" conventions, revision\par
1.02. A copy of the JFIF spec is available from:\par
  Literature Department\par
  C-Cube Microsystems, Inc.\par
  1778 McCarthy Blvd.\par
  Milpitas, CA 95035\par
  phone (408) 944-6300, fax (408) 944-6314\par
A PostScript version of this document is available by FTP at\par
ftp://ftp.uu.net/graphics/jpeg/jfif.ps.gz. There is also a plain text\par
version at ftp://ftp.uu.net/graphics/jpeg/jfif.txt.gz, but it is missing\par
the figures.\par
\par
The TIFF 6.0 file format specification can be obtained by FTP from\par
ftp://ftp.sgi.com/graphics/tiff/TIFF6.ps.gz. The JPEG incorporation scheme\par
found in the TIFF 6.0 spec of 3-June-92 has a number of serious problems.\par
IJG does not recommend use of the TIFF 6.0 design (TIFF Compression tag 6).\par
Instead, we recommend the JPEG design proposed by TIFF Technical Note #2\par
(Compression tag 7). Copies of this Note can be obtained from ftp.sgi.com or\par
from ftp://ftp.uu.net/graphics/jpeg/. It is expected that the next revision\par
of the TIFF spec will replace the 6.0 JPEG design with the Note's design.\par
Although IJG's own code does not support TIFF/JPEG, the free libtiff library\par
uses our library to implement TIFF/JPEG per the Note. libtiff is available\par
from ftp://ftp.sgi.com/graphics/tiff/.\par
\par
\par
ARCHIVE LOCATIONS\par
=================\par
\par
The "official" archive site for this software is ftp.uu.net (Internet\par
address 192.48.96.9). The most recent released version can always be found\par
there in directory graphics/jpeg. This particular version will be archived\par
as ftp://ftp.uu.net/graphics/jpeg/jpegsrc.v6b.tar.gz. If you don't have\par
direct Internet access, UUNET's archives are also available via UUCP; contact\par
help@uunet.uu.net for information on retrieving files that way.\par
\par
Numerous Internet sites maintain copies of the UUNET files. However, only\par
ftp.uu.net is guaranteed to have the latest official version.\par
\par
You can also obtain this software in DOS-compatible "zip" archive format from\par
the SimTel archives (ftp://ftp.simtel.net/pub/simtelnet/msdos/graphics/), or\par
on CompuServe in the Graphics Support forum (GO CIS:GRAPHSUP), library 12\par
"JPEG Tools". Again, these versions may sometimes lag behind the ftp.uu.net\par
release.\par
\par
The JPEG FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) article is a useful source of\par
general information about JPEG. It is updated constantly and therefore is\par
not included in this distribution. The FAQ is posted every two weeks to\par
Usenet newsgroups comp.graphics.misc, news.answers, and other groups.\par
It is available on the World Wide Web at http://www.faqs.org/faqs/jpeg-faq/\par
and other news.answers archive sites, including the official news.answers\par
archive at rtfm.mit.edu: ftp://rtfm.mit.edu/pub/usenet/news.answers/jpeg-faq/.\par
If you don't have Web or FTP access, send e-mail to mail-server@rtfm.mit.edu\par
with body\par
  send usenet/news.answers/jpeg-faq/part1\par
  send usenet/news.answers/jpeg-faq/part2\par
\par
\par
RELATED SOFTWARE\par
================\par
\par
Numerous viewing and image manipulation programs now support JPEG. (Quite a\par
few of them use this library to do so.) The JPEG FAQ described above lists\par
some of the more popular free and shareware viewers, and tells where to\par
obtain them on Internet.\par
\par
If you are on a Unix machine, we highly recommend Jef Poskanzer's free\par
PBMPLUS software, which provides many useful operations on PPM-format image\par
files. In particular, it can convert PPM images to and from a wide range of\par
other formats, thus making cjpeg/djpeg considerably more useful. The latest\par
version is distributed by the NetPBM group, and is available from numerous\par
sites, notably ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/graphics/packages/NetPBM/.\par
Unfortunately PBMPLUS/NETPBM is not nearly as portable as the IJG software is;\par
you are likely to have difficulty making it work on any non-Unix machine.\par
\par
A different free JPEG implementation, written by the PVRG group at Stanford,\par
is available from ftp://havefun.stanford.edu/pub/jpeg/. This program\par
is designed for research and experimentation rather than production use;\par
it is slower, harder to use, and less portable than the IJG code, but it\par
is easier to read and modify. Also, the PVRG code supports lossless JPEG,\par
which we do not. (On the other hand, it doesn't do progressive JPEG.)\par
\par
\par
FILE FORMAT WARS\par
================\par
\par
Some JPEG programs produce files that are not compatible with our library.\par
The root of the problem is that the ISO JPEG committee failed to specify a\par
concrete file format. Some vendors "filled in the blanks" on their own,\par
creating proprietary formats that no one else could read. (For example, none\par
of the early commercial JPEG implementations for the Macintosh were able to\par
exchange compressed files.)\par
\par
The file format we have adopted is called JFIF (see REFERENCES). This format\par
has been agreed to by a number of major commercial JPEG vendors, and it has\par
become the de facto standard. JFIF is a minimal or "low end" representation.\par
We recommend the use of TIFF/JPEG (TIFF revision 6.0 as modified by TIFF\par
Technical Note #2) for "high end" applications that need to record a lot of\par
additional data about an image. TIFF/JPEG is fairly new and not yet widely\par
supported, unfortunately.\par
\par
The upcoming JPEG Part 3 standard defines a file format called SPIFF.\par
SPIFF is interoperable with JFIF, in the sense that most JFIF decoders should\par
be able to read the most common variant of SPIFF. SPIFF has some technical\par
advantages over JFIF, but its major claim to fame is simply that it is an\par
official standard rather than an informal one. At this point it is unclear\par
whether SPIFF will supersede JFIF or whether JFIF will remain the de-facto\par
standard. IJG intends to support SPIFF once the standard is frozen, but we\par
have not decided whether it should become our default output format or not.\par
(In any case, our decoder will remain capable of reading JFIF indefinitely.)\par
\par
Various proprietary file formats incorporating JPEG compression also exist.\par
We have little or no sympathy for the existence of these formats. Indeed,\par
one of the original reasons for developing this free software was to help\par
force convergence on common, open format standards for JPEG files. Don't\par
use a proprietary file format!\par
\par
\par
TO DO\par
=====\par
\par
The major thrust for v7 will probably be improvement of visual quality.\par
The current method for scaling the quantization tables is known not to be\par
very good at low Q values. We also intend to investigate block boundary\par
smoothing, "poor man's variable quantization", and other means of improving\par
quality-vs-file-size performance without sacrificing compatibility.\par
\par
In future versions, we are considering supporting some of the upcoming JPEG\par
Part 3 extensions --- principally, variable quantization and the SPIFF file\par
format.\par
\par
As always, speeding things up is of great interest.\par
\par
Please send bug reports, offers of help, etc. to jpeg-info@uunet.uu.net.\par
\par
###################################\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
June 2, 2006\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
    did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
    for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for \par
    terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
FileInstall 1.0\par
\par
The bundle includes derivative works of software originally developed by Peter Kriens (aQute).\par
    That original work was licensed under the EPL v1.0 and this derivative work is similarly licensed.\par
\par
Copyright (c) IBM Corporation and others 2006. All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
are made available under the terms of the \par
<a href="http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html">Eclipse Public License v1.0</a>.\par
\par
###################################\par
\par
/*******************************************************************************\par
* Copyright (c) 2009,2010 IBM Corporation and others.\par
* The code, documentation and other materials contained herein have been\par
* licensed under the Eclipse Public License - v 1.0 by the copyright holder\par
* listed above, as the Initial Contributor under such license. The text of\par
* such license is available at www.eclipse.org.\par
* Contributors:\par
*   IBM Corporation - Initial API and implementation\par
* Cloudsmith Inc - Implementation\par
* Sonatype Inc - Ongoing development\par
******************************************************************************/\par
###################################\par
\par
/*******************************************************************************\par
* Copyright (c) 2009, Cloudsmith Inc.\par
* The code, documentation and other materials contained herein have been\par
* licensed under the Eclipse Public License - v 1.0 by the copyright holder\par
* listed above, as the Initial Contributor under such license. The text of\par
* such license is available at www.eclipse.org.\par
******************************************************************************/\par
###################################\par
\par
* The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version\par
* 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
* the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
* http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/\par
*\par
* Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,\par
* WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License\par
* for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the\par
* License.\par
*\par
* The Original Code is mozilla.org code.\par
*\par
* The Initial Developer of the Original Code is\par
* Netscape Communications Corporation.\par
* Portions created by the Initial Developer are Copyright (C) 1998\par
* the Initial Developer. All Rights Reserved.\par
*\par
* Contributor(s):\par
*\par
* Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of\par
* either of the GNU General Public License Version 2 or later (the "GPL"),\par
* or the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the "LGPL"),\par
* in which case the provisions of the GPL or the LGPL are applicable instead\par
* of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only\par
* under the terms of either the GPL or the LGPL, and not to allow others to\par
* use your version of this file under the terms of the MPL, indicate your\par
* decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice\par
* and other provisions required by the GPL or the LGPL. If you do not delete\par
* the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file under\par
* the terms of any one of the MPL, the GPL or the LGPL.\par
*\par
###################################\par
libpixregion\par
\par
Copyright 1987, 1998 The Open Group\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its\par
documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that\par
the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that\par
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting\par
documentation.\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
OPEN GROUP BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN\par
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of The Open Group shall not be\par
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings\par
in this Software without prior written authorization from The Open Group.\par
\par
\par
Copyright 1987 by Digital Equipment Corporation, Maynard, Massachusetts.\par
\par
All Rights Reserved\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its \par
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, \par
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that\par
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in \par
supporting documentation, and that the name of Digital not be\par
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the\par
software without specific, written prior permission. \par
\par
DIGITAL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING\par
ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL\par
DIGITAL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR\par
ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,\par
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------\par
libic\par
\par
Copyright 2001 Keith Packard\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its\par
documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that\par
the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that\par
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting\par
documentation, and that the name of Keith Packard not be used in\par
advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without\par
specific, written prior permission. Keith Packard makes no\par
representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose. It\par
is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
KEITH PACKARD DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO\par
EVENT SHALL KEITH PACKARD BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER\par
TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR\par
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------\par
slim\par
\par
slim is Copyright 2003 Richard Henderson\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software\par
and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that\par
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in\par
supporting documentation, and that the name of Richard Henderson not be\par
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the\par
software without specific, written prior permission. Richard Henderson\par
makes no representations about the suitability of this software for\par
any purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied\par
warranty.\par
\par
RICHARD HENDERSON DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO\par
EVENT SHALL RICHARD HENDERSON BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF\par
USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR\par
OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR\par
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
###################################\par
The text of the Mozilla Public License, Version 1.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
###################################\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
###################################\par
The text of the METRO LINK PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.00, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
###################################\par
\par
August 17, 2006 \par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor"s license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
Gnome Binding\par
\par
The "Gnome Binding" is a binding to the Gnome API. The Content may include any or all of the following files:\par
\par
The following files in the plug-in JAR shall be defined as the native code portion of the Gnome Binding:\par
\par
 libswt-gnome-gtk-xxxx.so (where "xxxx" is the version number)\par
\par
The following files in both the plug-in JAR and the src.zip shall be defined respectively as the bytecode and source code portions of the Gnome Binding:\par
\par
The contents of the directory org/eclipse/swt/internal/gnome (but not including any sub-directories)\par
\par
The Gnome Binding contains portions of Gnome ("Library"). Gnome is made available by The Free Software Foundation. Use of the Library is governed by the terms and\par
conditions of the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 ("LGPL"). Use of the Gnome Binding on a standalone\par
basis, is also governed by the terms and conditions of the LGPL. A copy of the LGPL is provided with the Content (lgpl-v21.txt) and is also available at\par
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html.\par
\par
In accordance with Section 6 of the LGPL, you may combine or link a "work that uses the Library" (e.g. the SWT) with the Library to produce a work\par
containing portions of the Library (e.g. the Gnome Binding) and distribute that work under the terms of your choice (e.g. the EPL) provided you comply with all\par
other terms and conditions of Section 6 as well as other Sections of the LGPL. Please note, if you modify the Gnome Binding such modifications shall be\par
governed by the terms and conditions of the LGPL. Also note, the terms of the EPL permit you to modify the combined work and the source code of the combined\par
work is provided for debugging purposes so there is no need to reverse engineer the combined work.\par
\par
GTK+ Binding\par
\par
The "GTK+ Binding" is a binding to the GTK+ API. The Content may include any or all of the following files:\par
\par
The following files in the plug-in JAR shall be defined as the native code portion of the GTK+ Binding:\par
\par
libswt-atk-gtk-xxxx.so (where "xxxx" is the version number)\par
libswt-pi-gtk-xxxx.so (where "xxxx" is the version number)\par
\par
The following files in both the plug-in JAR and the src.zip shall be defined respectively as the bytecode and source code portions of the GTK+ Binding:\par
\par
The contents of the directory org/eclipse/swt/internal/accessibility/gtk (but not including any sub-directories)\par
The contents of the directory org/eclipse/swt/internal/cde (but not including any sub-directories)\par
The contents of the directory org/eclipse/swt/internal/gtk (but not including any sub-directories)       \par
\par
The GTK+ Binding contains portions of GTK+ ("Library"). GTK+ is made available by The Free Software Foundation. Use of the Library is governed by the terms and\par
conditions of the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 ("LGPL"). Use of the GTK+ Binding on a standalone\par
basis, is also governed by the terms and conditions of the LGPL. A copy of the LGPL is provided with the Content (lgpl-v21.txt) and is also available at\par
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html.\par
\par
In accordance with Section 6 of the LGPL, you may combine or link a "work that uses the Library" (e.g. the SWT) with the Library to produce a work\par
containing portions of the Library (e.g. the GTK+ Binding) and distribute that work under the terms of your choice (e.g. the EPL) provided you comply with all\par
other terms and conditions of Section 6 as well as other Sections of the LGPL. Please note, if you modify the GTK+ Binding such modifications shall be\par
governed by the terms and conditions of the LGPL. Also note, the terms of the EPL permit you to modify the combined work and the source code of the combined\par
work is provided for debugging purposes so there is no need to reverse engineer the combined work.\par
\par
WebKitGTK+ Binding\par
\par
The "WebKitGTK+ Binding" is a binding to the WebKitGTK+ API. The Content may include any or all of the following files:\par
\par
The following files in the plug-in JAR shall be defined as the native code portion of the WebKitGTK+ Binding:\par
\par
libswt-webkit-gtk-xxxx.so (where "xxxx" is the version number)\par
\par
The following files in both the plug-in JAR and the src.zip shall be defined respectively as the bytecode and source code portions of the WebKitGTK+ Binding:\par
\par
The contents of the directory org/eclipse/swt/internal/webkit (but not including any sub-directories)\par
\par
The WebKitGTK+ Binding contains portions of WebKitGTK+ ("Library"). WebKitGTK+ is made available by the WebKitGTK+ open source project (http://webkit.org/). Use of the Library is governed by the terms and conditions of the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 ("LGPL"). Use of the WebKitGTK+ Binding on a standalone basis, is also governed by the terms and conditions of the LGPL. A copy of the LGPL is provided with the Content (lgpl-v21.txt) and is also available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html.\par
\par
In accordance with Section 6 of the LGPL, you may combine or link a "work that uses the Library" (e.g. the SWT) with the Library to produce a work containing portions of the Library (e.g. the WebKitGTK+ Binding) and distribute that work under the terms of your choice (e.g. the EPL) provided you comply with all other terms and conditions of Section 6 as well as other Sections of the LGPL. Please note, if you modify the WebKitGTK+ Binding such modifications shall be governed by the terms and conditions of the LGPL. Also note, the terms of the EPL permit you to modify the combined work and the source code of the combined work is provided for debugging purposes so there is no need to reverse engineer the combined work.\par
\par
The WebKitGTK+ Binding also contains portions of the WebKit JavaScriptCore code which is made available by the WebKit open source project (http://webkit.org/). The WebKit JavaScriptCore code was obtained under the terms of the BSD license. A copy of the BSD license is provided (webkit-bsd.txt) and is also available at http://webkit.org/coding/bsd-license.html.\par
\par
libsoup\par
\par
The "WebKitGTK+ Binding" also includes a binding to the libsoup API. The Content may include any or all of the following files:\par
\par
The following files in the plug-in JAR shall be defined as the native code portion of the WebKitGTK+ Binding:\par
\par
libswt-webkit-gtk-xxxx.so (where "xxxx" is the version number)\par
\par
The following files in both the plug-in JAR and the src.zip shall be defined respectively as the bytecode and source code portions of the WebKitGTK+ Binding:\par
\par
The contents of the directory org/eclipse/swt/internal/webkit (but not including any sub-directories)\par
\par
The WebKitGTK+ Binding contains portions of libsoup ("Library"). libsoup is made available by The GNOME Project (http://live.gnome.org/LibSoup/). Use of the Library is governed by the terms and conditions of the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 ("LGPL"). Use of the WebKitGTK+ Binding on a standalone basis, is also governed by the terms and conditions of the LGPL. A copy of the LGPL is provided with the Content (lgpl-v21.txt) and is also available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html. \par
\par
Mozilla Binding\par
\par
The "Mozilla Binding" is a binding to the Mozilla API. The Content may include any or all of the following files:\par
\par
The following files in the plug-in JAR shall be defined as the native code portion of the Mozilla Binding:\par
\par
libswt-mozilla-gtk-xxxx.so (where "xxxx" is the version number)\par
libswt-mozilla-gcc3-gtk-xxxx.so (where "xxxx" is the version number)\par
libswt-xulrunner-gtk-xxxx.so (where "xxxx" is the version number)\par
libswt-xpcominit-gtk-xxxx.so (where "xxxx" is the version number)\par
\par
The following files in both the plug-in JAR and the src.zip shall be defined respectively as the bytecode and source code portions of the Mozilla Binding:\par
\par
The contents of the directory org/eclipse/swt/internal/mozilla (but not including any sub-directories)\par
\par
The Mozilla Binding contains portions of Mozilla ("Mozilla"). Mozilla is made available by Mozilla.org. Use of Mozilla is governed by the terms and\par
conditions of the Mozilla Public License Version 1.1 ("MPL"). A copy of the MPL is provided with the Content (mpl-v11.txt) and is also available at\par
http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/MPL-1.1.html.\par
\par
XULRunner 1.9 (subset, derivative work)\par
\par
The libraries libswt-xulrunner-gtk-xxxx.so, libswt-mozilla-gtk-xxxx.so, and libswt-mozilla-gcc3-gtk-xxxx.so (where "xxxx" is the version number) contain a small portion of XULRunner 1.9 content (header files)\par
that have been modified from the Original Code provided by mozilla.org, and whose Initial Developer is Netscape Communications Corporation. Use of this code is governed by\par
the terms and conditions of the Mozilla Public License Version 1.1 ("MPL"). A copy of the MPL is provided with the Content (mpl-v11.txt)\par
and is also available at http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/MPL-1.1.html.\par
\par
The changed files are:\par
\par
org.eclipse.swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/library/nsIScriptContext.h\par
org.eclipse.swt/Eclipse SWT Mozilla/common/library/nsIScriptGlobalObject.h\par
\par
Changes to the original files were made by SWT on April 7, 2009 and are marked with trailing comment "//SWT-20090407".\par
\par
Cairo Binding\par
\par
The "Cairo Binding" is a binding to the Cairo API. The Content may include any or all of the following files\par
\par
The following files in the plug-in JAR shall be defined as the native code portion of the Cairo Binding:\par
\par
libswt-cairo-gtk-xxxx.so (where "xxxx" is the version number)\par
\par
The following files in both the plug-in JAR and the src.zip shall be defined respectively as the bytecode and source code portions of the Cairo Binding:\par
\par
The contents of the directory org/eclipse/swt/internal/cairo (but not including any sub-directories)\par
\par
The Cairo Binding contains portions of Cairo ("Cairo"). Cairo is made available by the Cairo project at http://www.cairographics.org. Use of Cairo by the Cairo Binding is governed by the terms and\par
conditions of the Mozilla Public License Version 1.1 ("MPL"). A copy of the MPL is\par
provided with the Content (mpl-v11.txt) and is also available at http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/MPL-1.1.html.\par
\par
Cairo for Linux\par
\par
Refer to the file about_files/about_cairo.html for licensing details about "Cairo for Linux."\par
\par
Independent JPEG Group's JPEG software release 6b\par
\par
This software is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group's JPEG software release 6b ("LIBJPEG").\par
LIBJPEG was used to implement the decoding of JPEG format files in Java (TM). The Content does NOT include any portion of the LIBJPEG file ansi2knr.c.\par
\par
Your use of LIBJPEG is subject to the terms and conditions located in the about_files/IJG_README file which is included\par
with the Content.\par
\par
The IJG's website is located at http://ijg.org.\par
\par
The class org.eclipse.swt.internal.image.JPEGFileFormat is based on following files from LIBJPEG:\par
\par
cderror.h\par
cdjpeg.h\par
jchuff.h\par
jdcolor.c\par
jdct.h\par
jdhuff.h\par
jerror.h\par
jidctint.c\par
jinclude.h\par
jmemsys.h\par
jmorecfg.h\par
jpegint.h\par
jpeglib.h\par
jversion.h\par
transupp.h\par
\par
The class org.eclipse.swt.internal.image.JPEGDecoder is based on the following files from LIBJPEG:\par
\par
jcapimin.c\par
jcapistd.c\par
jccoefct.c\par
jccolor.c\par
jcdctmgr.c\par
jchuff.c\par
jcinit.c\par
jcmainct.c\par
jcmarker.c\par
jcmaster.c\par
jcomapi.c\par
jcparam.c\par
jcphuff.c\par
jcprepct.c\par
jcsample.c\par
jctrans.c\par
jdapimin.c\par
jdapistd.c\par
jdatadst.c\par
jdatasrc.c\par
jdcoefct.c\par
jdcolor.c\par
jddctmgr.c\par
jdhuff.c\par
jdinput.c\par
jdmainct.c\par
jdmarker.c\par
jdmaster.c\par
jdmerge.c\par
jdphuff.c\par
jdpostct.c\par
jdsample.c\par
jdtrans.c\par
jerror.c\par
jfdctflt.c\par
jfdctfst.c\par
jfdctint.c\par
jidctflt.c\par
jidctfst.c\par
jidctint.c\par
jidctred.c\par
jpegtran.c\par
jquant1.c\par
jquant2.c\par
jutils.c\par
cderror.h\par
cdjpeg.h\par
jchuff.h\par
jconfig.h\par
jdct.h\par
jdhuff.h\par
jerror.h\par
jinclude.h\par
jmorecfg.h\par
jpegint.h\par
jpeglib.h\par
jversion.h\par
transupp.h\par
  \par
The following changes were made to the LIBJPEG code in the Content:\par
\par
 In Java, pointer math is not allowed so indexing was used instead.\par
 Function pointers were replaced with switch statements.\par
 The virtual memory, tracing and progress monitoring were removed.\par
 The error handling was simplified and now uses Java exceptions.\par
\par
PuTTY 0.58 (derivative work)\par
\par
Portions of the SWT class org/eclipse/swt/internal/image/PngDeflater are based on PuTTY's sshzlib.c. PuTTY is made available by Mozilla.org. Use of PuTTY is governed by the terms and\par
conditions of the the following MIT-style license: \par
\par
PuTTY is copyright 1997-2007 Simon Tatham.\par
Portions copyright Robert de Bath, Joris van Rantwijk, Delian Delchev, Andreas Schultz, Jeroen Massar, Wez Furlong, Nicolas Barry, Justin Bradford, Ben Harris, Malcolm Smith, Ahmad Khalifa, Markus Kuhn, and CORE SDI S.A.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL SIMON TATHAM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
A copy of the license is also available http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/licence.html.\par
\par
Java and all Java-based trademarks and logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the United States and other countries.\par
\par
###################################\par
BSD License\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2009 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided\par
that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and\par
the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and\par
the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY APPLE INC. AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE INC. OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE\par
USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
###################################\par
About This Content\par
\par
August 13, 2009\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you did not\par
receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided for informational\par
purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
C++ Standard Template Library\par
\par
This plugin contains a Java port of the code for the STL heap sorting algorithm. The original code can\par
be found at:\par
\par
http://www.sgi.com/tech/stl/stl_heap.h\par
\par
The java implementation of the code can be found in src.zip in the following files:\par
\par
org\eclipse\ui\internal\views\markers\MarkerSortUtil.java\par
\par
Copyright info\par
\par
/*\par
*\par
* Copyright (c) 1994, 2009\par
* Hewlett-Packard Company\par
*\par
* Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
* and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
* provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
* that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
* in supporting documentation. Hewlett-Packard Company makes no\par
* representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
* purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
*\par
* Copyright (c) 1997\par
* Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, Inc.\par
*\par
* Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
* and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
* provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
* that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
* in supporting documentation. Silicon Graphics makes no\par
* representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
* purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
* \par
* Contributions:\par
* IBM - Ported the code to Java\par
*/\par
\par
###################################\par
* SAT4J: a SATisfiability library for Java Copyright (C) 2004-2008 Daniel Le Berre\par
*\par
* All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
* are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
* which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
*\par
* Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of\par
* either the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the\par
* "LGPL"), in which case the provisions of the LGPL are applicable instead\par
* of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only\par
* under the terms of the LGPL, and not to allow others to use your version of\par
* this file under the terms of the EPL, indicate your decision by deleting\par
* the provisions above and replace them with the notice and other provisions\par
* required by the LGPL. If you do not delete the provisions above, a recipient\par
* may use your version of this file under the terms of the EPL or the LGPL.\par
* \par
* Based on the original MiniSat specification from:\par
* \par
* An extensible SAT solver. Niklas Een and Niklas Sorensson. Proceedings of the\par
* Sixth International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability\par
* Testing, LNCS 2919, pp 502-518, 2003.\par
*\par
* See www.minisat.se for the original solver in C++.\par
* \par
*******************************************************************************/\par
\par
About This Content\par
\par
June, 2010 \par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content").     Unless otherwise indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the     Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available     at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.     For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is     being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may     apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license     that was provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise     indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content     and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you     did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided     for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for     terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
SAT4J 2.2.0 SUBSET (Pseudo)\par
\par
The SAT4J project makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Your use of the Content is governed by the terms and conditions of the Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html. For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
Alternatively, the Content may be obtained from the SAT4J project website at http://www.sat4j.org/ for use under the terms of either the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the "LGPL"), in which case the provisions of the LGPL are applicable instead of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of the Content only under the terms of the LGPL, and not to allow others to use your version of this Content under the terms of the EPL, indicate your decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice and other provisions required by the LGPL. If you do not delete the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file under the terms of the EPL or the LGPL.\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation elects to include this software in this distribution under the EPL license. The source code for this plug-in can be obtained from the SAT4J project website at http://www.sat4j.org/\par
\par
SAT4J includes content that was obtained under licenses that differ from the SAT4J licenses. \par
The content in the following classes\par
\par
org/sat4j/pb/reader/OPBReader2005.java\par
org/sat4j/pb/reader/OPBReader2007.java\par
\par
is based on a parser for pseudo-Boolean instances (the "Official" reader for the Pseudo Boolean evaluation 2005) and was obtained from \par
http://www.cril.univ-artois.fr/PB05/parser/SimpleParser.java and http://www.cril.univ-artois.fr/PB07/parser/SimpleParser.java under the following permissive license:\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2005-2007 Olivier ROUSSEL and Vasco MANQUINHO\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN\par
THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
###################################\par
*\par
* The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version\par
* 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
* the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
* http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/\par
*\par
* Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,\par
* WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License\par
* for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the\par
* License.\par
*\par
* The Original Code is mozilla.org code.\par
*\par
* The Initial Developer of the Original Code is\par
* Netscape Communications Corporation.\par
* Portions created by the Initial Developer are Copyright (C) 1998\par
* the Initial Developer. All Rights Reserved.\par
*\par
* Contributor(s):\par
*\par
* Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of\par
* either of the GNU General Public License Version 2 or later (the "GPL"),\par
* or the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the "LGPL"),\par
* in which case the provisions of the GPL or the LGPL are applicable instead\par
* of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only\par
* under the terms of either the GPL or the LGPL, and not to allow others to\par
* use your version of this file under the terms of the MPL, indicate your\par
* decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice\par
* and other provisions required by the GPL or the LGPL. If you do not delete\par
* the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file under\par
* the terms of any one of the MPL, the GPL or the LGPL.\par
\par
###################################\par
W3C SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE\par
Copyright 1994-2001 http://www.w3.org World Wide Web Consortium, (http://www.lcs.mit.edu Massachusetts Institute of Technology, \par
http://www.inria.fr Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique, http://www.keio.ac.jp Keio University). All Rights Reserved.\par
"http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/ http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/\par
\par
This W3C work (including software, documents, or other related\par
items) is being provided by the copyright holders under the\par
following license. By obtaining, using and/or copying this work,\par
you (the licensee) agree that you have read, understood, and will\par
comply with the following terms and conditions:\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software\par
and its documentation, with or without modification, for any\par
purpose and without fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that\par
you include the following on ALL copies of the software and\par
documentation or portions thereof, including modifications, that\par
you make:\par
\par
The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of\par
the redistributed or derivative work.\par
\par
Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or\par
terms and conditions. If none exist, a short notice of the\par
following form (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) should\par
be used within the body of any redistributed or derivative code:\par
"Copyright [$date-of-software] World Wide Web Consortium, (Massachusetts Institute of\par
Technology, Institut National de\par
Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University). All Rights Reserved.\par
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/\par
\par
Notice of any changes or modifications to the W3C files,\par
including the date changes were made. (We recommend you provide \par
URIs to the location from which the code is derived.)\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND\par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE\par
USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD\par
PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.\par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE\par
SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.\par
\par
The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in\par
advertising or publicity pertaining to the software without\par
specific, written prior permission. Title to copyright in this\par
software and any associated documentation will at all times remain\par
with copyright holders.\par
____________________________________\par
This formulation of W3C's notice and license became active on\par
August 14 1998 so as to improve compatibility with GPL. This\par
version ensures that W3C software licensing terms are no more\par
restrictive than GPL and consequently W3C software may be\par
distributed in GPL packages. See the older formulation for the\par
policy prior to this date. Please see our Copyright FAQ for common \par
questions about using materials from\par
our site, including specific terms and conditions for packages like\par
libwww, Amaya, and Jigsaw.\par
Other questions about this notice can be\par
directed to site-policy@w3.org.\par
\par
###################################\par
* SAT4J: a SATisfiability library for Java Copyright (C) 2004-2008 Daniel Le Berre\par
*\par
* All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
* are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
* which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
*\par
* Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of\par
* either the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the\par
* "LGPL"), in which case the provisions of the LGPL are applicable instead\par
* of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only\par
* under the terms of the LGPL, and not to allow others to use your version of\par
* this file under the terms of the EPL, indicate your decision by deleting\par
* the provisions above and replace them with the notice and other provisions\par
* required by the LGPL. If you do not delete the provisions above, a recipient\par
* may use your version of this file under the terms of the EPL or the LGPL.\par
* \par
* Based on the original MiniSat specification from:\par
* \par
* An extensible SAT solver. Niklas Een and Niklas Sorensson. Proceedings of the\par
* Sixth International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability\par
* Testing, LNCS 2919, pp 502-518, 2003.\par
*\par
* See www.minisat.se for the original solver in C++.\par
* \par
###################################\par
The text of the Apache License, Version 2.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
###################################\par
W3C SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE\par
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2002/copyright-software-20021231\par
\par
This work (and included software, documentation such as READMEs, or other\par
related items) is being provided by the copyright holders under the following\par
license. By obtaining, using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree\par
that you have read, understood, and will comply with the following terms and\par
conditions.\par
\par
Permission to copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation,\par
with or without modification, for any purpose and without fee or royalty is\par
hereby granted, provided that you include the following on ALL copies of the\par
software and documentation or portions thereof, including modifications:\par
\par
1. The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the\par
redistributed or derivative work. \par
2. Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms\par
and conditions. If none exist, the W3C Software Short Notice should be\par
included (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) within the body\par
of any redistributed or derivative code.\par
3. Notice of any changes or modifications to the files, including the date\par
changes were made. (We recommend you provide URIs to the location from\par
which the code is derived.)\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE\par
NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED\par
TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT\par
THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY\par
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.\par
\par
The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising or\par
publicity pertaining to the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
Title to copyright in this software and any associated documentation will at\par
all times remain with copyright holders.\par
\par
____________________________________\par
\par
This formulation of W3C's notice and license became active on December 31 2002.\par
This version removes the copyright ownership notice such that this license can\par
be used with materials other than those owned by the W3C, reflects that ERCIM\par
is now a host of the W3C, includes references to this specific dated version of\par
the license, and removes the ambiguous grant of "use". Otherwise, this version\par
is the same as the previous version and is written so as to preserve the Free\par
Software Foundation's assessment of GPL compatibility and OSI's certification\par
under the Open Source Definition. Please see our Copyright FAQ for common\par
questions about using materials from our site, including specific terms and\par
conditions for packages like libwww, Amaya, and Jigsaw. Other questions about\par
this notice can be directed to site-policy@w3.org.\par
\par
Joseph Reagle <site-policy@w3.org> \par
\par
This license came from: http://www.megginson.com/SAX/copying.html\par
However please note future versions of SAX may be covered \par
under http://saxproject.org/?selected=pd\par
\par
SAX2 is Free!\par
\par
I hereby abandon any property rights to SAX 2.0 (the Simple API for\par
XML), and release all of the SAX 2.0 source code, compiled code, and\par
documentation contained in this distribution into the Public Domain.\par
SAX comes with NO WARRANTY or guarantee of fitness for any\par
purpose.\par
\par
David Megginson, david@megginson.com\par
2000-05-05\par
\par
###################################\par
XHTML 1.1 DTD\par
\par
This is XHTML, a reformulation of HTML as a modular XML application.\par
\par
The Extensible HyperText Markup Language (XHTML)\par
Copyright 1998-2007 World Wide Web Consortium\par
(Massachusetts Institute of Technology, European Research Consortium\par
for Informatics and Mathematics, Keio University).\par
All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute the XHTML DTD and its \par
accompanying documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby \par
granted in perpetuity, provided that the above copyright notice and \par
this paragraph appear in all copies. The copyright holders make no \par
representation about the suitability of the DTD for any purpose.\par
\par
It is provided "as is" without expressed or implied warranty.\par
\par
Author: Murray M. Altheim <altheim@eng.sun.com>\par
Revision: $Id: xhtml11.dtd,v 1.1 2008/01/30 20:56:29 cgoldthor Exp $\par
\par
###################################\par
About This Content\par
\par
May 30, 2008 \par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
Apache Commons Codec 1.3\par
\par
This code is licensed under the Apache License v2.0 and can be found at \par
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt. \par
\par
Original binaries and source are available from the http://commons.apache.org/codec Apache Commons Codec website\par
\par
Copyright 2001-2004 The Apache Software Foundation.\par
\par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
\par
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
\par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
limitations under the License.\par
\par
###################################\par
ICU License - ICU 1.8.1 and later\par
\par
COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995-2009 International Business Machines Corporation and others\par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),\par
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation\par
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons\par
to whom the Software is furnished to do so, provided that the above\par
copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in all copies\par
of the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and this\par
permission notice appear in supporting documentation.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, \par
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL\par
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,\par
OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER\par
RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE\par
USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be\par
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in\par
this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.\par
\par
All trademarks and registered trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.\par
\par
###################################\par
\par
This license came from: http://www.megginson.com/SAX/copying.html\par
However please note future versions of SAX may be covered \par
under http://saxproject.org/?selected=pd\par
\par
\par
This page is now out of date -- see the new SAX site at \par
http://www.saxproject.org/ for more up-to-date\par
releases and other information. Please change your bookmarks.\par
\par
\par
SAX2 is Free!\par
\par
I hereby abandon any property rights to SAX 2.0 (the Simple API for\par
XML), and release all of the SAX 2.0 source code, compiled code, and\par
documentation contained in this distribution into the Public Domain.\par
SAX comes with NO WARRANTY or guarantee of fitness for any\par
purpose.\par
\par
David Megginson, david@megginson.com\par
2000-05-05\par
\par
###################################\par
About This Content\par
\par
June, 2010 \par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content").     Unless otherwise indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the     Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 (EPL). A copy of the EPL is available     at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.     For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is     being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may     apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license     that was provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise     indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content     and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you     did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided     for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for     terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
SAT4J 2.2.0 SUBSET (Core)\par
\par
The SAT4J project makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Your use of the Content is governed by the terms and conditions of the Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 ("EPL"). A copy of the EPL is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html. For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content. \par
\par
Alternatively, the Content may be obtained from the SAT4J project website at http://www.sat4j.org/ for use under the terms of either the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the "LGPL"), in which case the provisions of the LGPL are applicable instead of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of the Content only under the terms of the LGPL, and not to allow others to use your version of this Content under the terms of the EPL, indicate your decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice and other provisions required by the LGPL. If you do not delete the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file under the terms of the EPL or the LGPL.\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation elects to include this software in this distribution under the EPL license. The source code for this plug-in can be obtained from the SAT4J project website at http://www.sat4j.org/\par
\par
SAT4J includes content that was obtained under licenses that differ from the SAT4J licenses. \par
\par
The content in the following classes\par
\par
org/sat4j/core/Vec.java\par
org/sat4j/core/VecInt.java\par
org/sat4j/minisat/core/Solver.java\par
\par
is based on code obtained from the Minisat 1.1.4 implementation, the source code for which can be found at www.minisat.se, under the following permissive license:\par
\par
MiniSat -- Copyright (c) 2003-2005, Niklas Een, Niklas Sorensson\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a\par
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION\par
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION\par
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par
\par
###################################\par
About This Content\par
\par
April 21, 2010\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in ("Content"). Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0. A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
\par
For purposes of the EPL, Program will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content. Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor. Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Third Party Content\par
\par
The Content includes items that have been sourced from third parties as set out below. If you \par
did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the following is provided \par
for informational purposes only, and you should look to the Redistributor's license for \par
terms and conditions of use.\par
\par
Jetty Util 6.1.23 (org.mortbay.jetty.util.jar)\par
\par
The plug-in includes software developed by Mort Bay Consulting Pty. Ltd. as part of the Jetty project.\par
\par
Your use of the Jetty code is subject to the terms and conditions of the Apache Software License 2.0. A copy of the license is contained\par
in the file LICENSE.txt and is also available at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.\par
\par
etty uses UnixCrypt.java to support simple one-way passwords similar to Unix. UnixCrypt.java is Copyright (c) 1996 Aki Yoshida. All rights reserved. \par
Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute this software for non-commercial or commercial purposes and without fee is\par
hereby granted provided that this copyright notice appears in all copies.\par
\par
Original binaries and source are available from the http://jetty.mortbay.org/Jetty website.\par
\par
###################################\par
UNICODE, INC. LICENSE AGREEMENT - DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE\par
\par
Unicode Data Files include all data files under the directories\par
http://www.unicode.org/Public/ and http://www.unicode.org/reports/.\par
Unicode Software includes any source code under the directories\par
http://www.unicode.org/Public/ and http://www.unicode.org/reports/.\par
\par
NOTICE TO USER: Carefully read the following legal agreement. BY DOWNLOADING,\par
INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING UNICODE INC.'S DATA FILES ("DATA FILES"),\par
AND/OR SOFTWARE ("SOFTWARE"), YOU UNEQUIVOCALLY ACCEPT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND\par
BY, ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE,\par
DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY, DISTRIBUTE OR USE THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991-2004 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved. Distributed under the\par
Terms of Use in http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of\par
the Unicode data files and associated documentation (the "Data Files") or\par
Unicode software and associated documentation (the "Software") to deal in the\par
Data Files or Software without restriction, including without limitation the\par
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of\par
the Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the Data Files or\par
Software are furnished to do so, provided that (a) the above copyright notice(s)\par
and this permission notice appear in all copies of the Data Files or Software,\par
(b) both the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in\par
associated documentation, and (c) there is clear notice in each modified Data\par
File or in the Software as well as in the documentation associated with the Data\par
File(s) or Software that the data or software has been modified.\par
\par
THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD\par
PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS\par
NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA FILES OR\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be\par
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in\par
these Data Files or Software without prior written authorization of the\par
copyright holder.\par
\par
\par
###################################*\par
* The Apache Software License, Version 1.1\par
*\par
* Copyright (c) 1999-2002 The Apache Software Foundation. All rights\par
* reserved.\par
*\par
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
* are met:\par
*\par
* 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
* notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
*\par
* 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
* notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
* the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
* distribution.\par
*\par
* 3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if\par
* any, must include the following acknowlegement:\par
* "This product includes software developed by the\par
* Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."\par
* Alternately, this acknowlegement may appear in the software itself,\par
* if and wherever such third-party acknowlegements normally appear.\par
*\par
* 4. The names "The Jakarta Project", "Commons", and "Apache Software\par
* Foundation" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
* from this software without prior written permission. For written\par
* permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
*\par
* 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache"\par
* nor may "Apache" appear in their names without prior written\par
* permission of the Apache Group.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
* WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
* DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR\par
* ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
* SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
* LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF\par
* USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND\par
* ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
* OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT\par
* OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
* SUCH DAMAGE.\par
* ====================================================================\par
*\par
* This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many\par
* individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation. For more\par
* information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see\par
* <http://www.apache.org/>.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Eclipse (AESL)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
# Copyright (c) 2000, 2010 IBM Corporation and others.\par
# All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
# are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
# which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
# http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
# \par
# Contributors:\par
# IBM Corporation - initial API and implementation\par
#######################################\par
The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version\par
* 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
* the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
* http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/\par
*\par
* Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,\par
* WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License\par
* for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the\par
* License.\par
*\par
* The Original Code is Mozilla Communicator client code, released March 31, 1998.\par
*\par
* The Initial Developer of the Original Code is\par
* Netscape Communications Corporation.\par
* Portions created by Netscape are Copyright (C) 1998-1999\par
* Netscape Communications Corporation. All Rights Reserved.\par
*\par
* Contributor(s):\par
*\par
* IBM\par
* - Binding to permit interfacing between Mozilla and SWT\par
* - Copyright (C) 2003, 2008 IBM Corp. All Rights Reserved.\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
#######################################\par
Copyright (c) 2000, 2010 IBM Corporation and others. All rights reserved.\par
* The contents of this file are made available under the terms\par
* of the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL) Version 2.1 that\par
* accompanies this distribution (lgpl-v21.txt). The LGPL is also\par
* available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html. If the version\par
* of the LGPL at http://www.gnu.org is different to the version of\par
* the LGPL accompanying this distribution and there is any conflict\par
* between the two license versions, the terms of the LGPL accompanying\par
* this distribution shall govern.\par
* \par
* Contributors:\par
* IBM Corporation - initial API and implementation\par
#######################################\par
LEGAL ISSUES\par
============\par
\par
In plain English:\par
\par
1. We don't promise that this software works. (But if you find any bugs, please let us know!)\par
\par
2. You can use this software for whatever you want. You don't have to pay us.\par
\par
3. You may not pretend that you wrote this software. If you use it in a program, you must acknowledge somewhere in your documentation that you've used the IJG code.\par
\par
In legalese:\par
\par
The authors make NO WARRANTY or representation, either express or implied, with respect to this software, its quality, accuracy, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose. This software is provided "AS IS", and you, its user, assume the entire risk as to its quality and accuracy.\par
\par
This software is copyright (C) 1991-1998, Thomas G. Lane.  All Rights Reserved except as specified below.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software (or portions thereof) for any purpose, without fee, subject to these conditions:\par
\par
(1) If any part of the source code for this software is distributed, then this README file must be included, with this copyright and no-warranty notice unaltered; and any additions, deletions, or changes to the original files must be clearly indicated in accompanying documentation.\par
\par
(2) If only executable code is distributed, then the accompanying documentation must state that "this software is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group".\par
\par
(3) Permission for use of this software is granted only if the user accepts full responsibility for any undesirable consequences; the authors accept NO LIABILITY for damages of any kind.\par
\par
These conditions apply to any software derived from or based on the IJG code, not just to the unmodified library. If you use our work, you ought to acknowledge us.\par
\par
Permission is NOT granted for the use of any IJG author's name or company name in advertising or publicity relating to this software or products derived from it. This software may be referred to only as "the Independent JPEG Group's software".\par
\par
We specifically permit and encourage the use of this software as the basis of commercial products, provided that all warranty or liability claims are assumed by the product vendor.\par
\par
ansi2knr.c is included in this distribution by permission of L. Peter Deutsch, sole proprietor of its copyright holder, Aladdin Enterprises of Menlo Park, CA.  ansi2knr.c is NOT covered by the above copyright and conditions, but instead by the usual distribution terms of the Free Software Foundation; principally, that you must include source code if you redistribute it. (See the file ansi2knr.c for full details.) However, since ansi2knr.c is not needed as part of any program generated from the IJG code, this does not limit you more than the foregoing paragraphs do.\par
\par
The Unix configuration script "configure" was produced with GNU Autoconf.  It is copyright by the Free Software Foundation but is freely distributable.  The same holds for its supporting scripts (config.guess, config.sub, ltconfig, ltmain.sh). Another support script, install-sh, is copyright by M.I.T. but is also freely distributable.\par
\par
It appears that the arithmetic coding option of the JPEG spec is covered by patents owned by IBM, AT&T, and Mitsubishi. Hence arithmetic coding cannot legally be used without obtaining one or more licenses. For this reason, support for arithmetic coding has been removed from the free JPEG software.  (Since arithmetic coding provides only a marginal gain over the unpatented Huffman mode, it is unlikely that very many implementations will support it.)  So far as we are aware, there are no patent restrictions on the remaining code.\par
\par
The IJG distribution formerly included code to read and write GIF files.  To avoid entanglement with the Unisys LZW patent, GIF reading support has been removed altogether, and the GIF writer has been simplified to produce "uncompressed GIFs". This technique does not use the LZW algorithm; the resulting GIF files are larger than usual, but are readable by all standard GIF decoders.\par
\par
We are required to state that "The Graphics Interchange Format(c) is the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. GIF(sm) is a Service Mark property of CompuServe Incorporated."\par
#######################################\par
The text of the Apache License, Version 2.0, a copy of which is made available below in this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
#######################################\par
The text of the Mozilla Public License, Version 1.1, a copy of which is made available below in this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
#######################################\par
Copyright 1987, 1998 The Open Group\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OPEN GROUP BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of The Open Group shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from The Open Group.\par
#######################################\par
Portions of the SWT class org/eclipse/swt/internal/image/PngDeflater are based on PuTTY's sshzlib.c. PuTTY is made available by Mozilla.org. Use of PuTTY is governed by the terms and conditions of the following MIT-style license: \par
\par
PuTTY is copyright 1997-2007 Simon Tatham.\par
\par
Portions copyright Robert de Bath, Joris van Rantwijk, Delian Delchev, Andreas Schultz, Jeroen Massar, Wez Furlong, Nicolas Barry, Justin Bradford, Ben Harris, Malcolm Smith, Ahmad Khalifa, Markus Kuhn, and CORE SDI S.A.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL SIMON TATHAM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
#######################################\par
Copyright 1987 by Digital Equipment Corporation, Maynard, Massachusetts.\par
\par
All Rights Reserved\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of Digital not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific, written prior permission. \par
\par
DIGITAL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL DIGITAL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
#######################################\par
* Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,\par
* WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License\par
* for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the\par
* License.\par
*\par
* The Original Code is mozilla.org code.\par
*\par
* The Initial Developer of the Original Code is\par
* Netscape Communications Corporation.\par
* Portions created by the Initial Developer are Copyright (C) 1998\par
* the Initial Developer. All Rights Reserved.\par
*\par
* Contributor(s):\par
*\par
* Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of\par
* either of the GNU General Public License Version 2 or later (the "GPL"),\par
* or the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the "LGPL"),\par
* in which case the provisions of the GPL or the LGPL are applicable instead\par
* of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only\par
* under the terms of either the GPL or the LGPL, and not to allow others to\par
* use your version of this file under the terms of the MPL, indicate your\par
* decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice\par
* and other provisions required by the GPL or the LGPL. If you do not delete\par
* the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file under\par
* the terms of any one of the MPL, the GPL or the LGPL.\par
#######################################\par
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
# contributor license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
# this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
# The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
# (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
# the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
#\par
# http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
#\par
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
# limitations under the License.\par
#\par
#######################################\par
Copyright (C) 2009 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY APPLE INC. AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE INC. OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
#######################################\par
The WebKitGTK+ Binding also contains portions of the WebKit JavaScriptCore code which is made available by the WebKit open source project (http://webkit.org/). The WebKit JavaScriptCore code was obtained under the terms of the BSD license. A copy of the BSD license is provided (about_files/webkit-bsd.txt) and is also available at http://webkit.org/coding/bsd-license.html.\par
#######################################\par
The text of the METRO LINK PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.00, a copy of which is made available below in this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
#######################################\par
SAT4J: a SATisfiability library for Java Copyright (C) 2004-2008 Daniel Le Berre\par
#\par
# All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
# are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
# which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
# http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
#\par
# Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of\par
# either the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1 or later (the\par
# "LGPL"), in which case the provisions of the LGPL are applicable instead\par
# of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only\par
# under the terms of the LGPL, and not to allow others to use your version of\par
# this file under the terms of the EPL, indicate your decision by deleting\par
# the provisions above and replace them with the notice and other provisions\par
# required by the LGPL. If you do not delete the provisions above, a recipient\par
# may use your version of this file under the terms of the EPL or the LGPL.\par
# \par
# Based on the original MiniSat specification from:\par
# \par
# An extensible SAT solver. Niklas Een and Niklas Sorensson. Proceedings of the\par
# Sixth International Conference on Theory and Applications of Satisfiability\par
# Testing, LNCS 2919, pp 502-518, 2003.\par
#\par
# See www.minisat.se for the original solver in C++.\par
#\par
#######################################\par
W3C SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE\par
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2002/copyright-software-20021231\par
\par
This work (and included software, documentation such as READMEs, or other related items) is being provided by the copyright holders under the following license. By obtaining, using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree that you have read, understood, and will comply with the following terms and conditions.\par
\par
Permission to copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation, with or without modification, for any purpose and without fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the following on ALL copies of the software and documentation or portions thereof, including modifications:\par
\par
1. The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the redistributed or derivative work. \par
\par
2. Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms and conditions. If none exist, the W3C Software Short Notice should be included (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) within the body of any redistributed or derivative code.\par
\par
3. Notice of any changes or modifications to the files, including the date changes were made. (We recommend you provide URIs to the location from which the code is derived.)\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.\par
\par
The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to the software without specific, written prior permission.  Title to copyright in this software and any associated documentation will at all times remain with copyright holders.\par
\par
____________________________________\par
\par
This formulation of W3C's notice and license became active on December 31 2002.  This version removes the copyright ownership notice such that this license can be used with materials other than those owned by the W3C, reflects that ERCIM is now a host of the W3C, includes references to this specific dated version of the license, and removes the ambiguous grant of "use". Otherwise, this version is the same as the previous version and is written so as to preserve the Free Software Foundation's assessment of GPL compatibility and OSI's certification under the Open Source Definition. Please see our Copyright FAQ for common questions about using materials from our site, including specific terms and conditions for packages like libwww, Amaya, and Jigsaw. Other questions about this notice can be directed to site-policy@w3.org.\par
#######################################\par
W3C SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE\par
Copyright 1994-2001 http://www.w3.org/ World Wide Web Consortium, (http://www.lcs.mit.edu/, http://www.inria.fr/, http://www.keio.ac.jp/). All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/\par
\par
This W3C work (including software, documents, or other related items) is being provided by the copyright holders under the following license. By obtaining, using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree that you have read, understood, and will comply with the following terms and conditions:\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation, with or without modification, for any purpose and without fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the following on ALL copies of the software and documentation or portions thereof, including modifications, that you make:\par
\par
The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the redistributed or derivative work.\par
\par
Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms and conditions. If none exist, a short notice of the following form (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) should be used within the body of any redistributed or derivative code:\par
\par
"Copyright [$date-of-software] World Wide Web Consortium, (Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University). All Rights Reserved.  http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/\par
\par
Notice of any changes or modifications to the W3C files, including the date changes were made. (We recommend you provide URIs to the location from which the code is derived.)\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.  COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.\par
\par
The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to the software without specific, written prior permission. Title to copyright in this software and any associated documentation will at all times remain with copyright holders.\par
#######################################\par
* Copyright (c) 1994\par
* Hewlett-Packard Company\par
*\par
* Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
* and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
* provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
* that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
* in supporting documentation. Hewlett-Packard Company makes no\par
* representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
* purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
*\par
* Copyright (c) 1997\par
* Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, Inc.\par
*\par
* Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
* and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
* provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
* that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
* in supporting documentation. Silicon Graphics makes no\par
* representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
* purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
#######################################\par
Copyright (c) 2005-2007 Olivier ROUSSEL and Vasco MANQUINHO\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files ("Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
#######################################\par
The Extensible HyperText Markup Language (XHTML)\par
Copyright 1998-2005 World Wide Web Consortium\par
(Massachusetts Institute of Technology, European Research Consortium\par
for Informatics and Mathematics, Keio University).\par
\par
All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute the XHTML DTD and its accompanying documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted in perpetuity, provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph appear in all copies. The copyright holders make no representation about the suitability of the DTD for any purpose.\par
\par
It is provided "as is" without expressed or implied warranty.\par
\par
Author: Murray M. Altheim <altheim@eng.sun.com>\par
Revision: $Id: xhtml11-flat.dtd,v 1.1 2008/01/30 20:56:29 cgoldthor Exp $\par
\par
-->\par
<!-- This is the driver file for version 1.1 of the XHTML DTD.\par
\par
Please use this public identifier to identify it:\par
\par
"-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"\par
-->\par
<!ENTITY % XHTML.version "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" >\par
\par
<!-- Use this URI to identify the default namespace:\par
\par
"http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\par
#######################################\par
The plug-in includes software developed by Mort Bay Consulting Pty. Ltd. as part of the Jetty project.\par
\par
Your use of the Jetty code is subject to the terms and conditions of the Apache Software License 2.0. A copy of the license is contained in the file about_files/LICENSE.txt and is also available at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.\par
\par
Jetty uses UnixCrypt.java to support simple one-way passwords similar to Unix. UnixCrypt.java is Copyright (c) 1996 Aki Yoshida. All rights reserved. \par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute this software for non-commercial or commercial purposes and without fee is hereby granted provided that this copyright notice appears in all copies.\par
\par
Original binaries and source are available from the Jetty website.\par
#######################################\par
Use of JSch is governed by the terms and conditions of the following license:\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2002,2008 Atsuhiko Yamanaka, JCraft,Inc. All rights reserved\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. The names of the authors may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL JCRAFT, INC. OR ANY CONTRIBUTORS TO THIS SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
#######################################\par
Copyright (c) 1995-2009 International Business Machines Corporation and others\par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, provided that the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in all copies of the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.\par
#######################################\par
UNICODE, INC. LICENSE AGREEMENT - DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE\par
\par
Unicode Data Files include all data files under the directories http://www.unicode.org/Public/ and http://www.unicode.org/reports/.  Unicode Software includes any source code under the directories http://www.unicode.org/Public/ and http://www.unicode.org/reports/.\par
\par
NOTICE TO USER: Carefully read the following legal agreement. BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING UNICODE INC.'S DATA FILES ("DATA FILES"), AND/OR SOFTWARE ("SOFTWARE"), YOU UNEQUIVOCALLY ACCEPT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY, DISTRIBUTE OR USE THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991-2004 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved. Distributed under the Terms of Use in http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of the Unicode data files and associated documentation (the "Data Files") or Unicode software and associated documentation (the "Software") to deal in the Data Files or Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the Data Files or Software are furnished to do so, provided that (a) the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in all copies of the Data Files or Software, (b) both the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in associated documentation, and (c) there is clear notice in each modified Data File or in the Software as well as in the documentation associated with the Data File(s) or Software that the data or software has been modified.\par
\par
THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in these Data Files or Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.\par
#######################################\par
About This Content\par
\par
March 27, 2006\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation has included the following package for your convenience:\par
\par
Cairo 1.0.2 for Linux\par
\par
Cairo for Linux ("Cairo") is developed by The Cairo Project (http://www.cairographics.org):\par
\par
Cairo is delivered in the following file ("Cairo Library"):\par
\par
libcairo-swt.so\par
\par
which was compiled from Cairo source code available at http://www.cairographics.org/snapshots.\par
\par
Your use of the Cairo code in binary form is subject to the terms and conditions of Mozilla Public License Version 1.1 ("MPL"). A copy of the MPL is provided (mpl-v11.txt) and is also available at http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/MPL-1.1.html.\par
\par
pixman 0.1.6\par
\par
pixman ("pixman") is packaged within the Cairo Library and was compiled from source code available at http://www.cairographics.org/snapshots.  pixman includes the following packages:\par
\par
libpixregion\par
libic\par
slim\par
\par
Your use of pixman is subject to the terms and conditions of the licenses in pixman-licenses.txt.\par
\par
If you did not receive the Cairo Library directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the package is being redistributed by another party ("Redistributor") and different terms and conditions may apply its use. Check the Redistributor's license that was provided with the content. If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor.\par
#######################################\par
Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 901 San Antonio Road, Palo Alto, California 94303, U.S.A. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Sun Microsystems, Inc. has intellectual property rights relating to technology described in this document. In particular, and without limitation, these intellectual property rights may include one or more of the U.S. patents listed at http://www.sun.com/patents and one or more additional patents or pending patent applications in the U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
This document and the technology which it describes are distributed under licenses restricting their use, copying, distribution, and decompilation. No part of this document may be reproduced in any form by any means without prior written authorization of Sun and its licensors, if any.\par
\par
Third-party software, including font technology, is copyrighted and licensed from Sun suppliers.\par
\par
Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun logo, Solaris, Java, J2EE, JavaServer Pages, Enterprise JavaBeans and the Java Coffee Cup logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
Federal Acquisitions: Commercial Software - Government Users Subject to Standard License Terms and Conditions.\par
#######################################\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Eclipse CDT\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
 * Copyright (c) 2010, 2011 IBM Corporation and others.\par
 * All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
 * are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
 * which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
 * http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Eclipse CDT (AESL)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
* Copyright (c) 2005, 2007 Freescale, Inc.\par
* All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
* are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
* which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
*\par
* Contributors:\par
* Freescale, Inc. - initial API and implementation\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000, 2006 QNX Software Systems and others.\par
* All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
* are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
* which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
*\par
* Contributors:\par
* QNX Software Systems - Initial API and implementation\par
\par
* Copyright (c) 2007 Nokia and others.\par
* All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
* are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
* which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
*\par
* Contributors:\par
* Nokia - Initial API and implementation\par
\par
* Copyright (c) 2008 ARM Limited and others.\par
* All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
* are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
* which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
*\par
* Contributors:\par
* ARM Limited - Initial API and implementation\par
\par
\par
* Copyright (c) 2010, Texas Instruments, Freescale Semiconductor and others.\par
* All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
* are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
* which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
* \par
* Contributors:\par
* Texas Instruments, Freescale Semiconductor - initial API and implementation\par
\par
* Copyright (c) 2009, 2010 Ericsson and others.\par
* All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
* are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
* which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
*\par
* Contributors:\par
* Ericsson - Initial API and implementation\par
\par
* Copyright (c) 2006, 2010 IBM Corporation and others.\par
* All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
* are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
* which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
*\par
* Contributors:\par
* IBM Corporation - initial API and implementation\par
* Wind River Systems - adopted to use for restart command\par
#######################################\par
Copyright 1993, Geoff Kuenning, Granada Hills, CA\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All modifications to the source code must be clearly marked as\par
such. Binary redistributions based on modified source code\par
must be clearly marked as modified versions in the documentation\par
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
4. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgment:\par
This product includes software developed by Geoff Kuenning and\par
other unpaid contributors.\par
5. The name of Geoff Kuenning may not be used to endorse or promote\par
products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY GEOFF KUENNING AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS\par
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS\par
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL GEOFF\par
KUENNING OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,\par
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN\par
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Eclipse CDT DSF\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
* Copyright (c) 2006, 2009 Wind River Systems and others.\par
* All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
* are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
* which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
* \par
* Contributors:\par
* Wind River Systems - initial API and implementation\par
\par
* Copyright (c) 2005, 2009 IBM Corporation and others.\par
* All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
* are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
* which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
* \par
* Contributors:\par
* IBM Corporation - initial API and implementation\par
* Wind River Systems - adapted to use in DSF\par
\par
* Copyright (c) 2000, 2009 IBM Corporation and others.\par
* All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
* are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
* which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
* \par
* Contributors:\par
* IBM Corporation - initial API and implementation\par
* Anton Leherbauer (Wind River Systems)\par
\par
#######################################\par
About This Content\par
 \par
June 5, 2007	\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in (Content).  Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 (EPL).  A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
\par
For purposes of the EPL, Program will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party (Redistributor) and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content.  Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content.  If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor.  Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Eclipse CDT Launch Remote\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 2006, 2009 Wind River Systems, Inc. and others.\par
 * All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
 * are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
 * which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
 * http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 2006, 2011 PalmSource, Inc. and others.\par
 * All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
 * are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
 * which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
 * http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 2009 MontaVista Software, Inc.\par
 * This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the terms\par
 * of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 which accompanies this distribution, and is\par
 * available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Eclipse Dynamic Languages Toolkit\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Eclipse MOXy\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 1998, 2010 Oracle. All rights reserved.\par
 * This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the \par
 * terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 and Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0 \par
 * which accompanies this distribution. \par
 * The Eclipse Public License is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 1998, 2010 Oracle, Sei Syvalta. All rights reserved.\par
 * This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the \par
 * terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 and Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0 \par
 * which accompanies this distribution. \par
 * The Eclipse Public License is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 1998, 2010 Oracle, Frank Schwarz. All rights reserved.\par
 * This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the \par
 * terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 and Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0 \par
 * which accompanies this distribution. \par
 * The Eclipse Public License is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 2008, 2009 Sun Microsystems, Oracle Corporation. All rights reserved. \par
 * \par
 * This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the \par
 * terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 and Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0 \par
 * which accompanies this distribution. \par
 * The Eclipse Public License is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 2008, 2009 Sun Microsystems. All rights reserved. \par
 * \par
 * This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the \par
 * terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 and Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0 \par
 * which accompanies this distribution. \par
 * The Eclipse Public License is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Copyright 2005 Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
 * SUN PROPRIETARY/CONFIDENTIAL. Use is subject to license terms.\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 2009 Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
 * This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the\par
 * terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 and Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0\par
 * which accompanies this distribution.\par
 * The Eclipse Public License is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 1998, 2010 Oracle., Eclipse Foundation All rights reserved.\par
 * This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the \par
 * terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 and Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0 \par
 * which accompanies this distribution. \par
 * The Eclipse Public License is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 1998, 2010 Oracle, Markus KARG(markus-karg@users.sourceforge.net). All rights reserved.\par
 * This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the \par
 * terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 and Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0 \par
 * which accompanies this distribution. \par
 * The Eclipse Public License is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright 2005 Sun Microsystems,  Inc. All rights reserved.\par
 * This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the \par
 * terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 and Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0 \par
 * which accompanies this distribution. \par
 * The Eclipse Public License is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 1998, 2010 Oracle. All rights reserved.\par
 * Some parts Copyright (c) 2010 Mark Wolochuk\par
 * This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the \par
 * terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 and Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0 \par
 * which accompanies this distribution. \par
 * The Eclipse Public License is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 2009,2010 Markus Karg, SAP. All rights reserved.\par
 * This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the \par
 * terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 and Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0 \par
 * which accompanies this distribution. \par
 * The Eclipse Public License is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 1998, 2009 SAP. All rights reserved.\par
 * This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the \par
 * terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 and Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0 \par
 * which accompanies this distribution. \par
 * The Eclipse Public License is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 * Copyright (c) 2009, 2010 Fujitsu Limited. All rights reserved.\par
 * This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the \par
 * terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 and Eclipse Distribution License v. 1.0 \par
 * which accompanies this distribution. \par
 * The Eclipse Public License is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 [The "BSD licence"]\par
 Copyright (c) 2005-2008 Terence Parr\par
 All rights reserved.\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/**\par
 * ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework\par
 * Copyright (c) 2000,2002,2003 INRIA, France Telecom \par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its\par
 *    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
 *    this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
 * AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
 * LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
 * CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
 * SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
 * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF\par
 * THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/***\par
 * ASM XML Adapter\par
 * Copyright (c) 2000,2002,2003 INRIA, France Telecom\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its\par
 *    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
 *    this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
 * AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
 * LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
 * CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
 * SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
 * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF\par
 * THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (c) OSGi Alliance (2009). All Rights Reserved.\par
 * \par
 * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
 * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
 * You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
 *\par
 *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
 *\par
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
 * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
 * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
 * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
 * limitations under the License.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Eclipse TM\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Eclipse TM 3.2\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
# Copyright (c) 2006, 2010 Wind River Systems, Inc. and others.\par
# All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
# are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
# which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
# http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
# \par
# Contributors:\par
# Martin Oberhuber (Wind River) - initial API and implementation\par
\par
* Copyright (c) 2000, 2008 IBM Corporation and others.\par
* All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
* are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
* which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
* http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
#######################################\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
#######################################\par
* BoundedBufferWithStateTracking is part of the examples for the book\par
 * Concurrent Programming in Java: Design Principles and Patterns by\par
 * Doug Lea (ISBN 0-201-31009-0). Second edition published by \par
 * Addison-Wesley, November 1999. The code is \par
 * Copyright(c) Douglas Lea 1996, 1999 and released to the public domain\par
 * and may be used for any purposes whatsoever.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Eclipse TM (RSE)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
#######################################\par
/*\par
 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
 * contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
 * this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
 * The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
 * (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
 * the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
 *\par
 *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
 *\par
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
 * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
 * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
 * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
 * limitations under the License.\par
 */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GCC\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
gdb (added 3/30/2012)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
BEGIN SOURCE FILE COPYRIGHT INFORMATION\par
#######################################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
GDB is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1991, 1994, 1995, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GDB is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996-2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
GNU simulators is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2006, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GNU simulators is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along\par
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,\par
59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Libiberty is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
Libiberty is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with libiberty.  If\par
not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1997, 2002, 2005 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Libiberty is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
Libiberty is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License along with the GNU C Library; if not, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
02110-1301 USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2001, 2009, 2011\par
Free Software Foundation\par
\par
Libiberty is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
Libiberty is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with libiberty.  If not,\par
write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1987, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Libiberty is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the\par
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
\par
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GNU CC.  If not, write to\par
the Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
As a special exception, if you link this library with files\par
compiled with a GNU compiler to produce an executable, this does not cause\par
the resulting executable to be covered by the GNU General Public License.\par
This exception does not however invalidate any other reasons why\par
the executable file might be covered by the GNU General Public License.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994,1995, 1996, 1997, 1998,\par
   1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as published\par
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301,\par
USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1994-1998, 2003, 2004 Andrew Cagney <cagney@highland.com.au>\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2001, 2002,\par
2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
BFD, the Binary File Descriptor library, is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston,\par
MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005,  2007, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
BFD, the Binary File Descriptor library, is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA. \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
		THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT COPYRIGHTED\par
   Cygnus offers the following for use in the public domain.  Cygnus\par
   makes no warranty with regard to the software or it's performance\par
   and the user accepts the software "AS IS" with all faults.\par
   CYGNUS DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO\par
   THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
   MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999,\par
2000, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
GNU opcodes is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT\par
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY\par
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public\par
License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this file.  If not, write to the\par
Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston,\par
MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,\par
2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under\par
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free\par
Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any later\par
version.\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY\par
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License\par
for more details.\par
Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program.  If not, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GCC.  If not, write to\par
the Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003,\par
   2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010    Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
Llibopcodes is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT\par
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY\par
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public\par
License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston,\par
MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1999-2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1989-2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
The GNU History Library (History) is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
History is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with History.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
Binutils is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston,\par
MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1994, 2000 Advanced RISC Machines Ltd.\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1991, 1992, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 2002, 2004 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as\par
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the\par
License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with the GNU C Library.  If not,\par
write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1985, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,\par
2002, 2005, 2006, 2010, 2011  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is part of the GNU C Library.  Its master source is NOT part of\par
the C library, however.  The master source lives in /gd/gnu/lib.\par
The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License along with the GNU C Library; if not, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
02110-1301 USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1987, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999,\par
2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GAS is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GAS is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GAS.  If not, write to\par
the Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1992, 1991, 1990 MIPS Computer Systems, Inc.\par
MIPS Computer Systems, Inc. grants reproduction and use   \par
rights to all parties, PROVIDED that this comment is      \par
maintained in the copy.                                   \par
\par
(C) Copyright 1984 by Third Eye Software, Inc.\par
\par
Third Eye Software, Inc. grants reproduction and use rights to\par
all parties, PROVIDED that this comment is maintained in the copy.\par
\par
Third Eye makes no claims about the applicability of this\par
symbol table to a particular use.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2009,\par
   2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
     \par
  GNU CC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
  the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
  any later version.\par
  GNU CC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
  GNU General Public License for more details.\par
  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
  along with GNU CC.  If not, write to\par
  the Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
  Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998, 1999, 2000, 2002, 2004 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
This file is part of GNU CC.\par
GNU CC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
In addition to the permissions in the GNU General Public License, the\par
Free Software Foundation gives you unlimited permission to link the\par
compiled version of this file into combinations with other programs,\par
and to distribute those combinations without any restriction coming\par
from the use of this file.  (The General Public License restrictions\par
do apply in other respects; for example, they cover modification of\par
the file, and distribution when not linked into a combined\par
executable.)\par
GNU CC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GNU CC.  If not, write to\par
the Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1987-2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
GNU Readline Library (Readline) is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
Readline is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with Readline.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
(c) Copyright 1990-1996 OPEN SOFTWARE FOUNDATION, INC.\par
(c) Copyright 1990-1996 HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY\par
(c) Copyright 1990-1996 DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORPORATION\par
(c) Copyright 1991, 1992 Siemens-Nixdorf Information Systems\par
To anyone who acknowledges that this file is provided "AS IS" without\par
any express or implied warranty: permission to use, copy, modify, and\par
distribute this file for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
provided that the above copyright notices and this notice appears in\par
all source code copies, and that none of the names listed above be used\par
in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software\par
without specific, written prior permission.  None of these organizations\par
makes any representations about the suitability of this software for\par
any purpose.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
Written by Gary V. Vaughan, 2004\par
\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993-2002\par
      Juergen Weigert (jnweiger@immd4.informatik.uni-erlangen.de)\par
      Michael Schroeder (mlschroe@immd4.informatik.uni-erlangen.de)\par
Copyright (c) 1987 Oliver Laumann\par
\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.,\par
59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307, USA\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1994, 1995, 2002 Andrew Cagney <cagney@highland.com.au>\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1995, 1996, 1997, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010,\par
2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
ARM SIM is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  */\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright 1996-2003 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GNU libtool is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
As a special exception to the GNU General Public License, if you\par
distribute this file as part of a program that contains a\par
configuration script generated by Autoconf, you may include it under\par
the same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1983, 1990 Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. [rescinded 22 July 1999]\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1987,1991, 1993, 1996-2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
GNU Bash is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
Bash is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with Bash.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1987, 1988, 1989, 1991,92,93,94,96,97,98,2000,2004,2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along\par
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,\par
Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003,\par
2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This Makefile.in is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without\par
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,\par
2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without\par
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,\par
2003, 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as published\par
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301,\par
USA.  \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
SIS, SPARC instruction simulator V1.8 Copyright (C) 1995 Jiri Gaisler,\par
European Space Agency\par
 \par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under\par
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free\par
Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
 \par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT\par
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for\par
more details.\par
 \par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with\par
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675\par
Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   \par
The GNU opcode library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>. \par
\par
#########################\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT COPYRIGHTED\par
\par
Cygnus offers the following for use in the public domain.  Cygnus makes no\par
warranty with regard to the software or its performance and the user\par
accepts the software "AS IS" with all faults.\par
\par
CYGNUS DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS\par
SOFTWARE INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY\par
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1987 Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
provided that this notice is preserved and that due credit is given\par
to the University of California at Berkeley. The name of the University\par
may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
software without specific written prior permission. This software\par
is provided ``as is'' without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
Makefile for program source directory in GNU NLS utilities package.\par
Copyright (C) 1995, 1996, 1997 by Ulrich Drepper <drepper@gnu.ai.mit.edu>\par
Copyright 2001, 2003, 2006, 2007, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This file may be copied and used freely without restrictions.  It can\par
be used in projects which are not available under the GNU Public License\par
but which still want to provide support for the GNU gettext functionality.\par
Please note that the actual code is *not* freely available.\par
\par
#########################\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
gdb (for MicroBlaze)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING\par
FILE: ./bfd/COPYING\par
FILE: ./gdb/COPYING\par
FILE: ./include/COPYING\par
FILE: ./readline/COPYING\par
FILE: ./sim/arm/COPYING\par
FILE: ./sim/ppc/COPYING\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING.LIB\par
FILE: ./sim/ppc/COPYING.LIB\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU Library General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./libiberty/COPYING.LIB\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
gdb (for PowerPC)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING\par
FILE: ./bfd/COPYING\par
FILE: ./gdb/COPYING\par
FILE: ./include/COPYING\par
FILE: ./readline/COPYING\par
FILE: ./sim/arm/COPYING\par
FILE: ./sim/ppc/COPYING\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./COPYING.LIB\par
FILE: ./sim/ppc/COPYING.LIB\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU Library General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./libiberty/COPYING.LIB\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
git 1.8.3\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
Note that the only valid version of the GPL as far as this project\par
 is concerned is _this_ particular version of the license (ie v2, not\par
 v2.2 or v3.x or whatever), unless explicitly otherwise stated.\par
\par
 HOWEVER, in order to allow a migration to GPLv3 if that seems like\par
 a good idea, I also ask that people involved with the project make\par
 their preferences known. In particular, if you trust me to make that\par
 decision, you might note so in your copyright message, ie something\par
 like\par
\par
	This file is licensed under the GPL v2, or a later version\par
	at the discretion of Linus.\par
\par
  might avoid issues. But we can also just decide to synchronize and\par
  contact all copyright holders on record if/when the occasion arises.\par
\par
			Linus Torvalds\par
\par
----------------------------------------\par
\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here.\par
\par
---\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2005-2008 Linus Torvalds\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2005, 2006 Rene Scharfe \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008-2011, Google Inc.\par
 \par
Copyright (c) Johannes Schindelin, 2005-2009 \par
\par
Copyright (C) 1992-2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc. \par
\par
Copyright (C) 2005-2007 Nicolas Pitre \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2005-2010 Junio C Hamano \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 by Johannes Schindelin \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010 Google Inc.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010, 2011 Avar Arnfjara Bjarmason \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2005, Martin Langhoff. \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2005, Matthias Urlichs. \par
\par
Copyright The Open University UK - 2006. \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009, 2010 David Aguilar\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Tim Henigan \par
\par
Copyright (c) Petr Baudis, 2006\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006-2009 Eric Wong\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2005-2010 Junio C Hamano \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Theodore Y. Ts'o\par
\par
Copyright: 2007 Simon Hausmann \par
\par
Trolltech ASA License: MIT\par
<http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php>\par
\par
Copyright 2005-2006 Ryan Anderson \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Felipe Contreras\par
\par
Copyright 2002,2005 Greg Kroah-Hartman \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007, Nanako Shiraishi\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Lars Hjemli\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007-2011 Christian Couder \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Theodore Y. Ts'o \par
\par
AUTHORS:\par
John Szakmeister <john@szakmeister.net>  Philipp A. Hartmann <pah@qo.cx>,\par
Michael R. Elkins <me@mutt.org>   Oswald Buddenhagen <ossi@users.sf.net>\par
Theodore Y. Ts'o <tytso@mit.edu>   Mike McCormack, Michael R. Elkins\par
<me@mutt.org>   Oswald Buddenhagen <ossi@users.sf.net>   Theodore Y. Ts'o\par
<tytso@mit.edu>   Mike McCormack   Christian Couder\par
\par
DATES:\par
2000-2002, 2002-2004, 2004, 2006, 2011, 2012\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2012 Heiko Voigt\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2009 Ilari Liusvaara\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Franck Bui-Huu \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Rene Scharfe \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Kristian H\u246ogsberg \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Shawn Bohrer \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Kristian H\u246ogsberg \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 James Bowes \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Thomas Harning\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Miklos Vajna \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010 Johan Herland \par
\par
Copyright (c) Eric Biederman, 2005 \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Carlos Rica \par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996-2001 by Internet Software Consortium. Permission to use,\par
copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee\par
is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission\par
notice appear in all copies. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND INTERNET\par
SOFTWARE CONSORTIUM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE\par
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT\par
SHALL INTERNET SOFTWARE CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS\par
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE. \par
\par
Copyright 2008 Peter Harris \par
\par
Copyright (C) 2005-2006 Niall Douglas Boost Software License - Version\par
1.0 - August 17th, 2003 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any\par
person or organization obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying\par
documentation covered by this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce,\par
display, distribute, execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare\par
derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the\par
Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the following: The copyright\par
notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the above license\par
grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer, must be included in all\par
copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and all derivative works of the\par
Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely in the form of\par
machine-executable object code generated by a source language processor. THE\par
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,\par
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN\par
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Andrzej K. Haczewski \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008, Nanako Shiraishi \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Marius Storm-Olsen\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010 Eric S. Raymond \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Fernando J. Pereda \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Natanael Copa\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Marc Khouzam\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Felipe\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006,2007 Shawn O. Pearce\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2005-2006 Pavel Roskin\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2005, Matthias Urlichs. \par
\par
Copyright 2008-2009 Peter Krefting \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Andy Parkins\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Josh England \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2011 Jaramie Nikaes\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2013 Matthieu Moy \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Charles Roussel\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006, Sean Estabrooks.\par
\par
\par
Apache-2.0\par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use\par
this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the\par
License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by\par
applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License\par
is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY\par
KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language\par
governing permissions and limitations under the License.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Felipe Contreras \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009-2012 Avery Pennarun \par
\par
Copyright 2008 Lukas Sandstr\u246om \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Petr Baudis\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Pat Thoyts\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Jimmy Angelakos\par
\par
Copyright (c) Alexandre Bourget 2008.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Miklos Vajna \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Paolo Ciarrocchi, 2007 Michele Ballabio \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Fredrik Skolmli \par
\par
Copyright (c) Alexandre Erwin Ittner 2010.\par
\par
Copyright (c) Irina Riesen 2007.\par
\par
Copyright (c) Mikael MaGNUsson 2008.\par
\par
Copyright (c) Xudong Guan 2007. \par
\par
Copyright (c) Christian Stimming 2007\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Jimmy Angelakos \par
\par
Copyright (c) Christian Stimming 2007\par
\par
Copyright (c) Frederik Schwarzer 2008.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2005-2008 Santiago Gala \par
\par
Copyright (C) 2005-2006, Kay Sievers \par
\par
Copyright (C) 2005, Christian Gierke \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2011, John 'Warthog9' Hawley, Jakub Narebski \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007, Fredrik Kuivinen, Petr Baudis, 2008-2011, Jakub Narebski \par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997-8 Graham Barr All rights reserved.\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under\par
the same terms as Perl itself. \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010-2012 Ralf Thielow\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Marco Paolone\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Vincent van Ravesteijn\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Marco Sousa\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010-2013 Peter krefting\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Tran Ngoc Quan. \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012,2013 Jiang Xin \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Clemens Buchacher <drizzd@aon.at>\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Carlos Rica\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 David Reiss\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Michael Haggerty\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2011 Roberto Tyley\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2005 Rene Scharfe\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Nguyen Thai Ngac Duy\par
 \par
Copyright (c) 2010 Matthieu Moy\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Valentin Duperray, Lucien Kong, Franck Jonas, Thomas Nguy,\par
Khoi Nguyen Grenoble INP Ensimag\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Johannes Sixt\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 David Symonds\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010 Erick Mattos\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006-2007 Carl D. Worth\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2005 Robert Fitzsimons\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010 Johan Herland\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Yann Dirson\par
\par
Copyright(C) 2008 Stephen Habermann & Andreas Ericsson\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Stephen Haberman\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Greg Price\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2011 David Caldwell\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Torsten Bagershausen\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Brian C Gernhardt\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Timo Hirvonen\par
\par
Copyright (c) Jim Meyering\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Jens Lehmann\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Zbigniew Jadrzejewski-Szmek\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Mozilla Foundation\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Giuseppe Bilotta\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Catalin Marinas\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Stephen Boyd\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010 Andreas Gruenbacher\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010 Peter Collingbourne\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010, Will Palmer\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010 Bo Yang\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010 Nazri Ramliy\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010 Stefan-W. Hahn\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Nicolas Pitre\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Josh England\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010 Thomas Rast\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Santi Bajar, based on t4013 by Junio C Hamano\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Dmitry V. Levin\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010, Jens Lehmann\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Martin Waitz <tali@admingilde.org>\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010 Sverre Rabbelier\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2005 Jon Seymour\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2005 Fredrik Kuivinen\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2005 Fredrik Kuivinen \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Andy Parkins\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Michael Spang\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Lars Hjemli\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Ping Yin\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 David Aguilar\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Red Hat, Inc.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Johan Herland\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Daniel Grata\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Steven Grimm\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Kristian H\u246ogsberg \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Erick Mattos\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Charles Bailey\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009, 2010, 2012, 2013 David Aguilar\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Kevin Ballard\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 David D. Kilzer\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Jan Kruger\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Santhosh Kumar Mani\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Brad King\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Marcus Griep\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Deskin Miller\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Alec Berryman\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Vitaly Shukela\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Steven Walter\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Mark Lodato\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Ben Jackson\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Marc Branchaud\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Robert Allan Zeh\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2013 Paul Walmsley \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007, 2009 Sam Vilain\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Robert Zeh\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010 Jay Soffian\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010 Steven Walter\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2011 Ray Chen\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2011 Bryan Jacobs\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2011 Frederic Heitzmann\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Peter Baumann\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Robert Luberda\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2013 Tobias Schulte\par
 \par
Copyright (c) Robin Rosenberg\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Frank Lichtenheld\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Matthew Ogilvie \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Mark Rada\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Lea Wiemann\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2012 SZEDER Gabor\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2011 Thomas Rast \par
\par
AUTHORS:\par
Davide Libenzi, Davide Libenzi, Johannes E. Schindelin\par
\par
DATES:\par
2003, 2003-2006, 2003-2009\par
\par
This program and the accompanying materials are made available\par
under the terms of the Eclipse Distribution License v1.0 which accompanies this\par
distribution, is reproduced below, and is available at\par
http://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/edl-v10.php All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,\par
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: - Redistributions\par
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions\par
and the following disclaimer. - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce\par
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer\par
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. -\par
Neither the name of the Eclipse Foundation, Inc. nor the names of its\par
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY\par
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT\par
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE\par
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF\par
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GnuWin CoreUtils\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
#######################################\par
# Copyright (C) 2003, 2004 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
# This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
# it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
# the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
# any later version.\par
\par
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the\par
# GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
# along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,\par
# Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1985, 1986, 1988, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995,\par
1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This texinfo.tex file is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as\par
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at\par
your option) any later version.\par
\par
This texinfo.tex file is distributed in the hope that it will be\par
useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty\par
of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU\par
General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this texinfo.tex file; see the file COPYING. If not, write\par
to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330,\par
Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.\par
#######################################\par
# Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2002, 2003, 2004\par
# Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
# Originally by Fran,cois Pinard <pinard@iro.umontreal.ca>, 1996.\par
\par
# This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
# it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
# the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
# any later version.\par
\par
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the\par
# GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
# along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
# Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA\par
# 02111-1307, USA.\par
\par
# As a special exception to the GNU General Public License, if you\par
# distribute this file as part of a program that contains a\par
# configuration script generated by Autoconf, you may include it under\par
# the same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.\par
#######################################\par
Copyright (C) 2002 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is free software, distributed under the terms of the GNU\par
General Public License. As a special exception to the GNU General\par
Public License, this file may be distributed as part of a program\par
that contains a configuration script generated by Autoconf, under\par
the same distribution terms as the rest of that program.\par
#######################################\par
# Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,\par
# 2003, 2004 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
# This Makefile.in is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
# gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
# with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without\par
# even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\par
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
#######################################\par
Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, 1996, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Free\par
Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this\par
document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License,\par
Version 1.1 or any later version published by the Free Software\par
Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts,\par
and with no Back-Cover Texts. A copy of the license is included\par
in the section entitled "GNU Free Documentation License".\par
#######################################\par
Copyright (C) 1995-2003 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is free software, distributed under the terms of the GNU\par
General Public License. As a special exception to the GNU General\par
Public License, this file may be distributed as part of a program\par
that contains a configuration script generated by Autoconf, under\par
the same distribution terms as the rest of that program.\par
\par
This file can can be used in projects which are not available under\par
the GNU General Public License or the GNU Library General Public\par
License but which still want to provide support for the GNU gettext\par
functionality.\par
Please note that the actual code of the GNU gettext library is covered\par
by the GNU Library General Public License, and the rest of the GNU\par
gettext package package is covered by the GNU General Public License.\par
They are *not* in the public domain.\par
#######################################\par
* Copyright (c) 1990, 1993, 1994\par
*The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.\par
*\par
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
* are met:\par
* 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
* notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
* 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
* notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
* documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
* 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
* may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
* without specific prior written permission.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
* ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
* ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
* FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
* DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
* OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
* HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
* LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
* OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
* SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
#######################################\par
# Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium\par
#\par
# Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
# of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to\par
# deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the\par
# rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or\par
# sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
# furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
#\par
# The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
# all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
#\par
# THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
# IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
# FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
# X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
# AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNEC-\par
# TION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
#\par
# Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall not\par
# be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other deal-\par
# ings in this Software without prior written authorization from the X Consor-\par
# tium.\par
#\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GnuWin Grep\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
Most files are:\par
\par
   Copyright 1985 - 2009Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
   any later version.\par
\par
   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
   along with this program; see the file COPYING.\par
   If not, write to the Free Software Foundation,\par
   51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 3, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
Other files are:\par
\par
   Copyright (C) 1985 - 2009\par
   Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
   This file is part of the GNU C Library.  Its master source is NOT part of\par
   the C library, however.  The master source lives in /gd/gnu/lib.\par
\par
   The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
   modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as\par
   published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the\par
   License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
   The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
   Library General Public License for more details.\par
\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
   License along with the GNU C Library; see the file COPYING.LIB.  If not,\par
   write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,\par
   51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  */\par
\par
The text of the GNU Library General Public License, Version 3, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GnuWin Libiconv-2\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The text of the GNU Library General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GnuWin Libintl-3\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GnuWin Make\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
# Copyright 1996-2003 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
# Taken from GNU libtool, 2001\par
# Originally by Gordon Matzigkeit <gord@gnu.ai.mit.edu>, 1996\par
#\par
# This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
# it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
# the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
# (at your option) any later version.\par
#\par
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
# WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU\par
# General Public License for more details.\par
#\par
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
# along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
# Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.\par
#\par
# As a special exception to the GNU General Public License, if you\par
# distribute this file as part of a program that contains a\par
# configuration script generated by Autoconf, you may include it under\par
# the same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.\par
#######################################\par
# Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,\par
# 2003, 2004, 2005 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
# This Makefile.in is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
# gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
# with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without\par
# even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\par
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
\par
\par
# Makefile.am to create libw32.a for mingw32 host.\par
# Copyright (C) 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006\par
# Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
# This file is part of GNU Make.\par
#\par
# GNU Make is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the\par
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software\par
# Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later version.\par
#\par
# GNU Make is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY\par
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR\par
# A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.\par
#\par
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with\par
# GNU Make; see the file COPYING. If not, write to the Free Software\par
# Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.\par
#######################################\par
Copyright (C) 2001-2003 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is free software, distributed under the terms of the GNU\par
General Public License. As a special exception to the GNU General\par
Public License, this file may be distributed as part of a program\par
that contains a configuration script generated by Autoconf, under\par
the same distribution terms as the rest of that program.\par
#######################################\par
# Copyright (C) 1999, 2000, 2003, 2004, 2005 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
# This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
# it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
# the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
# any later version.\par
\par
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the\par
# GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
# along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
# Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
# 02110-1301, USA.\par
#######################################\par
/* Copyright (C) 1991, 92, 93, 96, 97, 98, 99 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is part of the GNU C Library.\par
\par
The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as\par
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the\par
License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public License\par
along with this library; see the file COPYING.LIB. If not, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301\par
USA. */\par
#######################################\par
Makefile for PO directory in any package using GNU gettext.\par
# Copyright (C) 1995-1997, 2000-2004 by Ulrich Drepper <drepper@gnu.ai.mit.edu>\par
#\par
# This file can be copied and used freely without restrictions. It can\par
# be used in projects which are not available under the GNU General Public\par
# License but which still want to provide support for the GNU gettext\par
# functionality.\par
# Please note that the actual code of GNU gettext is covered by the GNU\par
# General Public License and is *not* in the public domain.\par
#\par
#######################################\par
This file can can be used in projects which are not available under\par
the GNU General Public License or the GNU Library General Public\par
License but which still want to provide support for the GNU gettext\par
functionality.\par
Please note that the actual code of the GNU gettext library is covered\par
by the GNU Library General Public License, and the rest of the GNU\par
gettext package package is covered by the GNU General Public License.\par
They are *not* in the public domain.\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file.\par
#######################################\par
This originates from X11R5 (mit/util/scripts/install.sh), which was\par
# later released in X11R6 (xc/config/util/install.sh) with the\par
# following copyright and license.\par
#\par
# Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium\par
#\par
# Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
# of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to\par
# deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the\par
# rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or\par
# sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
# furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
#\par
# The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
# all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
#\par
# THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
# IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
# FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
# X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
# AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNEC-\par
# TION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
#\par
# Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall not\par
# be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other deal-\par
# ings in this Software without prior written authorization from the X Consor-\par
#######################################\par
ansi2knr is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY\par
WARRANTY. No author or distributor accepts responsibility to anyone for the\par
consequences of using it or for whether it serves any particular purpose or\par
works at all, unless he says so in writing. Refer to the GNU General Public\par
License (the "GPL") for full details.\par
\par
Everyone is granted permission to copy, modify and redistribute ansi2knr,\par
but only under the conditions described in the GPL. A copy of this license\par
is supposed to have been given to you along with ansi2knr so you can know\par
your rights and responsibilities. It should be in a file named COPYLEFT,\par
or, if there is no file named COPYLEFT, a file named COPYING. Among other\par
things, the copyright notice and this notice must be preserved on all\par
copies.\par
\par
We explicitly state here what we believe is already implied by the GPL: if\par
the ansi2knr program is distributed as a separate set of sources and a\par
separate executable file which are aggregated on a storage medium together\par
with another program, this in itself does not bring the other program under\par
the GPL, nor does the mere fact that such a program or the procedures for\par
constructing it invoke the ansi2knr executable bring any other part of the\par
program under the GPL.\par
#######################################\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GnuWin PcRe\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997-2006 University of Cambridge\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2005-2006, Google Inc.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
    * Neither the name of the University of Cambridge nor the name of Google\par
      Inc. nor the names of their contributors may be used to endorse or\par
      promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
      written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GnuWin Sed\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
GnuWin Sed 4.2\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
# Copyright (C) 1995-1997, 2000-2006 by Ulrich Drepper <drepper@gnu.ai.mit.edu>\par
#\par
# This file can be copied and used freely without restrictions. It can\par
# be used in projects which are not available under the GNU General Public\par
# License but which still want to provide support for the GNU gettext\par
# functionality.\par
# Please note that the actual code of GNU gettext is covered by the GNU\par
# General Public License and is *not* in the public domain.\par
#\par
#######################################\par
Copyright (C) 1989,90,91,92,93,94,95,98,99,2002,2003,2004,2005,2006,2008\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA. */\par
#######################################\par
# Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,\par
# 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
# This Makefile.in is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
# gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
# with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without\par
# even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\par
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
#######################################\par
Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2005 Free\par
Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This file is free documentation; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify it.\par
#######################################\par
Copyright (C) 2003 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is part of the GNU C Library.\par
Contributed by Jakub Jelinek <jakub@redhat.com>, 2003.\par
\par
The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU\par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License along with the GNU C Library; if not, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
02110-1301 USA. */\par
Copyright (C) 1998, 2003 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is part of the GNU C Library.\par
Contributed by Ulrich Drepper <drepper@cygnus.com>, 1998.\par
\par
The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU\par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License along with the GNU C Library; if not, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
02110-1301 USA. */\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2002 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is part of the GNU C Library.\par
Contributed by Isamu Hasegawa <isamu@yamato.ibm.com>, 2002.\par
\par
The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU\par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License along with the GNU C Library; if not, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
02110-1301 USA. */\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2003, 2005 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
Written by Bruno Haible <bruno@clisp.org>, 2003.\par
\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as published\par
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301,\par
USA. */\par
#######################################\par
Copyright (C) 2002-2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#\par
# This file is free software, distributed under the terms of the GNU\par
# General Public License. As a special exception to the GNU General\par
# Public License, this file may be distributed as part of a program\par
# that contains a configuration script generated by Autoconf, under\par
# the same distribution terms as the rest of that program.\par
#\par
#######################################\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 3, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
#######################################\par
# Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium\par
#\par
# Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
# of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to\par
# deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the\par
# rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or\par
# sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
# furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
#\par
# The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
# all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
#\par
# THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
# IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
# FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
# X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
# AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNEC-\par
# TION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
#\par
# Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall not\par
# be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other deal-\par
# ings in this Software without prior written authorization from the X Consor-\par
# tium.\par
#\par
#\par
#######################################\par
Written by: Philip Hazel <ph10@cam.ac.uk>\par
#\par
# University of Cambridge Computing Service,\par
# Cambridge, England. Phone: +44 1223 334714.\par
#\par
# Copyright (c) 1997-2003 University of Cambridge\par
#\par
# Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose on any\par
# computer system, and to redistribute it freely, subject to the following\par
# restrictions:\par
#\par
# 1. This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
#\par
# 2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented, either by\par
# explicit claim or by omission. In practice, this means that if you use\par
# PCRE in software that you distribute to others, commercially or\par
# otherwise, you must put a sentence like this\par
#\par
# Regular expression support is provided by the PCRE library package,\par
# which is open source software, written by Philip Hazel, and copyright\par
# by the University of Cambridge, England.\par
#\par
# somewhere reasonably visible in your documentation and in any relevant\par
# files or online help data or similar. A reference to the ftp site for\par
# the source, that is, to\par
#\par
# ftp://ftp.csx.cam.ac.uk/pub/software/programming/pcre/\par
#\par
# should also be given in the documentation. However, this condition is not\par
# intended to apply to whole chains of software. If package A includes PCRE,\par
# it must acknowledge it, but if package B is software that includes package\par
# A, the condition is not imposed on package B (unless it uses PCRE\par
# independently).\par
#\par
# 3. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
# misrepresented as being the original software.\par
#\par
# 4. If PCRE is embedded in any software that is released under the GNU\par
# General Purpose Licence (GPL), or Lesser General Purpose Licence (LGPL),\par
# then the terms of that licence shall supersede any condition above with\par
# which it is incompatible.\par
#\par
# The documentation for PCRE, supplied in the "doc" directory, is distributed\par
# under the same terms as the software itself.\par
#######################################\par
Copyright 1995 by Tom Lord\par
\par
All Rights Reserved\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its\par
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,\par
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that\par
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in\par
supporting documentation, and that the name of the copyright holder not be\par
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the\par
software without specific, written prior permission.\par
\par
Tom Lord DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO\par
EVENT SHALL TOM LORD BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF\par
USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR\par
OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR\par
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
#######################################\par
# Copyright (c) 1992 Diomidis Spinellis.\par
# Copyright (c) 1992, 1993\par
#The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.\par
#\par
# Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
# modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
# are met:\par
# 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
# notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
# 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
# notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
# documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
# 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
# must display the following acknowledgement:\par
#This product includes software developed by the University of\par
#California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
# 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
# may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
# without specific prior written permission.\par
#\par
# THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
# ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
# IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
# ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
# FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
# DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
# OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
# HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
# LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
# OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
# SUCH DAMAGE.\par
#\par
#######################################\par
Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003\par
;\par
; Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization\par
; obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by\par
; this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,\par
; execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the\par
; Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to\par
; do so, all subject to the following:\par
;\par
; The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including\par
; the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,\par
; must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and\par
; all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative\par
; works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by\par
; a source language processor.\par
;\par
; THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
; IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
; FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT\par
; SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE\par
; FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,\par
; ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
; DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
#######################################\par
Copyright (C) 2003 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions. There is NO\par
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,\par
to the extent permitted by law.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Google gson\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The text of the Apache License, Version 2.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
#######################################\par
Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Google Inc. \par
\par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); \par
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. \par
You may obtain a copy of the License at \par
\par
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 \par
\par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software \par
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, \par
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. \par
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and \par
limitations under the License.\par
#######################################\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (C) 2008 Google Inc.\par
 *\par
 * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
 * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
 * You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
 *\par
 * http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
 *\par
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
 * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
 * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
 * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
 * limitations under the License.\par
 */\par
#######################################\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (C) 2009 Google Inc.\par
 *\par
 * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
 * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
 * You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
 *\par
 * http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
 *\par
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
 * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
 * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
 * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
 * limitations under the License.\par
 */\par
#######################################\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (C) 2010 Google Inc.\par
 *\par
 * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
 * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
 * You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
 *\par
 *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
 *\par
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
 * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
 * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
 * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
 * limitations under the License.\par
 */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Google Perftools\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (c) 2010, Google Inc.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
* Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#######################################\par
\par
   Copyright (C) 2000-2008 Julian Seward.  All rights reserved.\par
   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
   are met:\par
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
   2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must \par
      not claim that you wrote the original software.  If you use this \par
      software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product \par
      documentation would be appreciated but is not required.\par
   3. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must\par
      not be misrepresented as being the original software.\par
   4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote \par
      products derived from this software without specific prior written \par
      permission.\par
   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS\par
   OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
   WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
   ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
   DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
   DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE\par
   GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
   INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
   WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
   NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
   SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Google Perftools (AESL)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (c) 2005, Google Inc.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
* Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Google Protobuf\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright 2008, Google Inc.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
met:\par
\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above\par
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer\par
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
distribution.\par
\par
    * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its\par
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
Code generated by the Protocol Buffer compiler is owned by the owner\par
of the input file used when generating it.  This code is not\par
standalone and requires a support library to be linked with it.  This\par
support library is itself covered by the above license.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
graphviz\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
AT&T has previously made versions of this software available under the AT&T Source Code Agreement, version 1.2D and earlier. If you received a copy of the software under that license agreement, you may continue to use and distribute the same version of the software subject to the terms and conditions of the license agreement under which the software was received. However, current versions of the software are now licensed on an open source basis only under The Common Public License. \par
\par
The text of the Common Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
graphviz-2.18\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
AT&T has previously made versions of this software available under the AT&T Source Code Agreement, version 1.2D and earlier. If you received a copy of the software under that license agreement, you may continue to use and distribute the same version of the software subject to the terms and conditions of the license agreement under which the software was received. However, current versions of the software are now licensed on an open source basis only under The Common Public License. \par
\par
The text of the Common Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 Free Software Foundation, Inc. \par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994-2005 AT&T Corp. \par
\par
(c) Copyright 1993, 1994, Silicon Graphics, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Permission\par
to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software [graphviz-2.18/cmd/smyrna/trackball.c; graphviz-2.18/cmd/smyrna/trackball.h] for any purpose and without\par
fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all\par
copies and that both the copyright notice and this permission notice appear in\par
supporting documentation, and that the name of Silicon Graphics, Inc. not be\par
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software\par
without specific, written prior permission. THE MATERIAL EMBODIED ON THIS\par
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS,\par
IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SILICON\par
GRAPHICS, INC. BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL,\par
INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES\par
WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF USE, SAVINGS\par
OR REVENUE, OR THE CLAIMS OF THIRD PARTIES, WHETHER OR NOT SILICON GRAPHICS,\par
INC. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE POSSESSION, USE OR\par
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. US Government Users Restricted Rights Use,\par
duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions set\par
forth in FAR 52.227.19(c)(2) or subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in\par
Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 and/or in\par
similar or successor clauses in the FAR or the DOD or NASA FAR Supplement.\par
Unpublished-- rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.\par
Contractor/manufacturer is Silicon Graphics, Inc., 2011 N. Shoreline Blvd.,\par
Mountain View, CA 94039-7311. OpenGL(TM) is a trademark of Silicon Graphics,\par
Inc.\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996-2005 Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc. \par
\par
This program [graphviz-2.18/config/ltmain.sh; graphviz-2.18/libltdl/ltmain.sh; graphviz-2.18/lib/gd/config/ltmain.sh] is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under\par
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software\par
Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later\par
version. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more\par
details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along\par
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51\par
Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA. As a special exception\par
to the GNU General Public License, if you distribute this file as part of a\par
program that contains a configuration script generated by Autoconf, you may\par
include it under the same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that\par
program.\par
\par
(C) Copyright 2001 Diomidis Spinellis. Permission to use, copy, and distribute this software [graphviz-2.18/contrib/dirgraph/dirgraph.pl] and its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. $Id: dirgraph.pl,v 1.1.1.1\par
2004/12/23 04:05:40 ellson Exp $\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2002 Cynthia Brewer, Mark Harrower, and The Pennsylvania State University. [graphviz-2.18/lib/common/brewer_colors] All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in\par
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided\par
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions as source code must\par
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following\par
disclaimer. 2. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if\par
any, must include the following acknowledgment: This product includes color\par
specifications and designs developed by Cynthia Brewer\par
(http://colorbrewer.org/). Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the\par
software itself, if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally\par
appear. 4. The name "ColorBrewer" must not be used to endorse or promote\par
products derived from this software without prior written permission. For\par
written permission, please contact Cynthia Brewer at cbrewer@psu.edu. 5.\par
Products derived from this software may not be called "ColorBrewer", nor may\par
"ColorBrewer" appear in their name, without prior written permission of Cynthia\par
Brewer. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT\par
SHALL CYNTHIA BREWER, MARK HARROWER, OR THE PENNSYLVANIA STATE UNIVERSITY BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE\par
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF\par
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
Fields per record line: "ColorName","NumOfColors","Type","CritVal","ColorNum","C\par
olorLetter","R","G","B","SchemeType"\par
\par
Copyright 1999, Philip Warner. This software [graphviz-2.18/lib/gd/gd_jpeg.c] is based in part on the work of\par
the Independent JPEG Group. \par
\par
Copyright 1991 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software [graphviz-2.18/lib/gd/config/install-sh; graphviz-2.18/lib/gd/install-sh]\par
and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided\par
that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that\par
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation,\par
and that the name of M.I.T. not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining\par
to distribution of the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
M.I.T. makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty. \par
\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry Spencer. \par
\par
Copyright (c) 1992, 1993, 1994 The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. \par
\par
[graphviz-2.18/lib/utilities/cclass.h; graphviz-2.18/lib/utilities/cname.h; graphviz-2.18/lib/utilities/utils.h] Redistribution\par
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted\par
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source\par
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the\par
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above\par
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. All\par
advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display\par
the following acknowledgement: This product includes software developed by the\par
University of California, Berkeley and its contributors. 4. Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or\par
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written\par
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS''\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON\par
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999 Nate Miller Notice: Usage of any code in\par
this file [graphviz-2.18/lib/utilities/glTexFont.c; graphviz-2.18/lib/utilities/glTexFont.h;graphviz-2.18/lib/utilities/glTexFontColor.c;graphviz-2.18/lib/utilities/glTexFontDefs.h; graphviz-2.18/lib/utilities/glTexFontInclude.h; graphviz-2.18/lib/utilities/glTexFontTGA.c; graphviz-2.18/lib/utilities/glTexFontTGA.h] is subject to the rules described in the LICENSE.TXT file included in\par
this directory. Reading, compiling, or otherwise using this code constitutes\par
automatic acceptance of the rules in said text file. \par
graphviz-2.18/lib/utilities/glTexFont.c\par
\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2005 Tim Dwyer M\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2005 Mark Allen Weiss \par
\par
\par
This file [ltdl.c and ltdl.h] is part of GNU Libtool. This library is free software; you can redistribute\par
it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as\par
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version. As a special exception to the GNU Lesser\par
General Public License, if you distribute this file as part of a program or\par
library that is built using GNU libtool, you may include it under the same\par
distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program. This library is\par
distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;\par
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details. You should\par
have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this\par
library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place,\par
Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
graphviz-2.28.0 (AESL)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 2011 AT&T Intellectual Property\par
 * All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials\par
 * are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0\par
 * which accompanies this distribution, and is available at\par
 * http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
# Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,\par
# 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009  Free Software Foundation,\par
# Inc.\par
# This Makefile.in is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
# gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
# with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without\par
# even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\par
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Authors:\par
 *   Tim Dwyer <tgdwyer@gmail.com>\par
 *\par
 * Copyright (C) 2005 Authors\par
 *\par
 * This version is released under the CPL (Common Public License) with\par
 * the Graphviz distribution.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Authors:\par
 *   Mark Allen Weiss\par
 *   Tim Dwyer <tgdwyer@gmail.com>\par
 *\par
 * Copyright (C) 2005 Authors\par
 *\par
 * This version is released under the CPL (Common Public License) with\par
 * the Graphviz distribution.\par
 \par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
##   Copyright (C) 2003, 2004, 2005, 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
##   Written by Gary V. Vaughan, 2003\par
##\par
##   NOTE: The canonical source of this file is maintained with the\par
##   GNU Libtool package.  Report bugs to bug-libtool@gnu.org.\par
##\par
## GNU Libltdl is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
## modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
## License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
## version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
##\par
## As a special exception to the GNU Lesser General Public License,\par
## if you distribute this file as part of a program or library that\par
## is built using GNU libtool, you may include this file under the\par
## same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.\par
##\par
## GNU Libltdl is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
## but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
## MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
## GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
##\par
## You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
## License along with GNU Libltdl; see the file COPYING.LIB.  If not, a\par
## copy can be downloaded from http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html,\par
## or obtained by writing to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,\par
## 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* A Bison parser, made by GNU Bison 2.4.1.  */\par
/* Skeleton interface for Bison's Yacc-like parsers in C\par
      Copyright (C) 1984, 1989, 1990, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006\par
   Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
   the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or\par
   (at your option) any later version.\par
   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
   along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  */\par
/* As a special exception, you may create a larger work that contains\par
   part or all of the Bison parser skeleton and distribute that work\par
   under terms of your choice, so long as that work isn't itself a\par
   parser generator using the skeleton or a modified version thereof\par
   as a parser skeleton.  Alternatively, if you modify or redistribute\par
   the parser skeleton itself, you may (at your option) remove this\par
   special exception, which will cause the skeleton and the resulting\par
   Bison output files to be licensed under the GNU General Public\par
   License without this special exception.\par
   This special exception was added by the Free Software Foundation in\par
   version 2.2 of Bison.  */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
# Copyright 1991 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology\par
#\par
# Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its\par
# documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that\par
# the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that\par
# copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting\par
# documentation, and that the name of M.I.T. not be used in advertising or\par
# publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific,\par
# written prior permission.  M.I.T. makes no representations about the\par
# suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is"\par
# without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
#   Copyright (C) 1999-2006, 2007, 2008 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#   Written by Thomas Tanner, 1999\par
#\par
# This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
# unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
# modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
#   Copyright (C) 2004, 2005, 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#   Written by Scott James Remnant, 2004.\par
#\par
# This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
# unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
# modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
# Copyright (c) 2002 Cynthia Brewer, Mark Harrower, and The Pennsylvania \par
# State University. All rights reserved.\par
# \par
# Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
# modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
#   1. Redistributions as source code must retain the above copyright notice, \par
# this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
#   2. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, \par
# must include the following acknowledgment:\par
#      This product includes color specifications and designs developed \par
#      by Cynthia Brewer (http://colorbrewer.org/).\par
# Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself, if and \par
# wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.\par
#   4. The name "ColorBrewer" must not be used to endorse or promote products \par
# derived from this software without prior written permission. For written \par
# permission, please contact Cynthia Brewer at cbrewer@psu.edu.\par
#   5. Products derived from this software may not be called "ColorBrewer", nor \par
# may "ColorBrewer" appear in their name, without prior written permission \par
# of Cynthia Brewer.\par
# \par
# THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, \par
# INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND \par
# FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CYNTHIA \par
# BREWER, MARK HARROWER, OR THE PENNSYLVANIA STATE UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE FOR \par
# ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
# DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR \par
# SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER \par
# CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, \par
# OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE \par
# OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
# Written by Gordon Matzigkeit <gord@gnu.ai.mit.edu>, 1996\par
# Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007 2008 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
# This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO\par
# warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
# GNU Libtool is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
# it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
# the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
# (at your option) any later version.\par
#\par
# As a special exception to the GNU General Public License,\par
# if you distribute this file as part of a program or library that\par
# is built using GNU Libtool, you may include this file under the\par
# same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.\par
#\par
# GNU Libtool is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
# WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
# General Public License for more details.\par
#\par
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
# along with GNU Libtool; see the file COPYING.  If not, a copy\par
# can be downloaded from http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html,\par
# or obtained by writing to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,\par
# 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/** Copyright (c) 1999-2009 Tatewake.com                                            **/\par
/**                                                                                 **/\par
/** Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy    **/\par
/** of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal   **/\par
/** in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights    **/\par
/** to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell       **/\par
/** copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is           **/\par
/** furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:                        **/\par
/**                                                                                 **/\par
/** The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in      **/\par
/** all copies or substantial portions of the Software.                             **/\par
/**                                                                                 **/\par
/** THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR      **/\par
/** IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,        **/\par
/** FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE     **/\par
/** AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER          **/\par
/** LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,   **/\par
/** OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN       **/\par
/** THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
   Copyright (C) Johan Van den Brande (johan@vandenbrande.com)\par
      ---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
   Parts of this code are from Maurice Smurlo.\par
   ** Copyright (C) Maurice Szmurlo --- T-SIT --- January 2000\par
   ** (Maurice.Szmurlo@info.unicaen.fr)\par
   ** Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its\par
   ** documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided\par
   ** that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that\par
   ** copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting\par
   ** documentation.  This software is provided "as is" without express or\par
   ** implied warranty.\par
   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
   Parts od this code are inspired by  'pbmtowbmp.c' and 'wbmptopbm.c' by \par
   Terje Sannum <terje@looplab.com>.\par
   **\par
   ** Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its\par
   ** documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided\par
   ** that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that\par
   ** copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting\par
   ** documentation.  This software is provided "as is" without express or\par
   ** implied warranty.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
#   Copyright (C) 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#   Written by Gary V. Vaughan, 2004\par
#\par
# This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
# unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
# modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
# Copyright (C) 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
# Written by Gary V. Vaughan, 2004\par
#\par
# This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
# unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
# modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
# Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,\par
# 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
# This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
# gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
# with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without\par
# even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\par
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* (c) Copyright 1993, 1994, Silicon Graphics, Inc.\par
 * ALL RIGHTS RESERVED\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for\par
 * any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice appear in all copies and that both the copyright notice\par
 * and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that\par
 * the name of Silicon Graphics, Inc. not be used in advertising\par
 * or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific,\par
 * written prior permission.\par
 *\par
 * THE MATERIAL EMBODIED ON THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS-IS"\par
 * AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE,\par
 * INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR\par
 * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SILICON\par
 * GRAPHICS, INC.  BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DIRECT,\par
 * SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY\par
 * KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION,\par
 * LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF USE, SAVINGS OR REVENUE, OR THE CLAIMS OF\par
 * THIRD PARTIES, WHETHER OR NOT SILICON GRAPHICS, INC.  HAS BEEN\par
 * ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON\par
 * ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE\par
 * POSSESSION, USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
 *\par
 * US Government Users Restricted Rights\par
 * Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to\par
 * restrictions set forth in FAR 52.227.19(c)(2) or subparagraph\par
 * (c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software\par
 * clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 and/or in similar or successor\par
 * clauses in the FAR or the DOD or NASA FAR Supplement.\par
 * Unpublished-- rights reserved under the copyright laws of the\par
 * United States.  Contractor/manufacturer is Silicon Graphics,\par
 * Inc., 2011 N.  Shoreline Blvd., Mountain View, CA 94039-7311.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
#   Copyright (C) 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#   Written by Gary V. Vaughan <gary@gnu.org>\par
#\par
# This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
# unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
# modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/** Copyright (c) 1999-2009 Tatewake.com                                            **/\par
/**                                                                                 **/\par
/** Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy    **/\par
/** of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal   **/\par
/** in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights    **/\par
/** to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell       **/\par
/** copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is           **/\par
/** furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:                        **/\par
/**                                                                                 **/\par
/** The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in      **/\par
/** all copies or substantial portions of the Software.                             **/\par
/**                                                                                 **/\par
/** THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR      **/\par
/** IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,        **/\par
/** FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE     **/\par
/** AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER          **/\par
/** LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,   **/\par
/** OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN       **/\par
/** THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
# (C) Copyright 2001 Diomidis Spinellis.\par
#\par
# Permission to use, copy, and distribute this software and its\par
# documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,\par
# provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that\par
# both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in\par
# supporting documentation.\par
# \par
# THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
# WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
# MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* LGPLd GNU regex for Native WIN32 */\par
/* Part of the ht://Dig package   <http://www.htdig.org/> */\par
/* Copyright (c) 2003 The ht://Dig Group */\par
/* For copyright details, see the file COPYING in your distribution */\par
/* or the GNU Library General Public License (LGPL) version 2 or later or later */\par
/* <http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/lgpl.html> */\par
/* Added June 2003 Neal Richter, RightNow Technologies */\par
/* note that this version is significantly different from the original  */\par
/* version 0.12 GNU source code.  It compiles and works on Native WIN32. */\par
/* Definitions for data structures and routines for the regular\par
   expression library, version 0.12.\par
   Copyright (C) 1985,89,90,91,92,93,95,96,97 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This file is part of the GNU C Library.  Its master source is NOT part of\par
   the C library, however.  The master source lives in /gd/gnu/lib.\par
   The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
   modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as\par
   published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the\par
   License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
   The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
   Library General Public License for more details.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
   License along with the GNU C Library; see the file COPYING.LIB.  If not,\par
   write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330,\par
   Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.  */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* #define DEBUG */\par
/* LGPLd GNU regex for Native WIN32 */\par
/* Part of the ht://Dig package   <http://www.htdig.org/> */\par
/* Copyright (c) 2003 The ht://Dig Group */\par
/* For copyright details, see the file COPYING in your distribution */\par
/* or the GNU Library General Public License (LGPL) version 2 or later or later */\par
/* <http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/lgpl.html> */\par
/* Added June 2003 Neal Richter, RightNow Technologies */\par
/* note that this version is significantly different from the original  */\par
/* version 0.12 GNU source code.  It compiles and works on Native WIN32. */\par
/* Extended regular expression matching and search library,\par
   version 0.12.\par
   (Implements POSIX draft P1003.2/D11.2, except for some of the\par
   internationalization features.)\par
   Copyright (C) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This file is part of the GNU C Library.  Its master source is NOT part of\par
   the C library, however.  The master source lives in /gd/gnu/lib.\par
   The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
   modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as\par
   published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the\par
   License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
   The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
   Library General Public License for more details.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
   License along with the GNU C Library; see the file COPYING.LIB.  If not,\par
   write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330,\par
   Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.  */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
#   Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005,\par
#                 2006, 2007, 2008 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#   Written by Gordon Matzigkeit, 1996\par
#\par
# This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
# unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
# modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
  Copyright (C) 1999, 2000, 2002 Aladdin Enterprises.  All rights reserved.\par
  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied\par
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages\par
  arising from the use of this software.\par
  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\par
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it\par
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not\par
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software\par
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be\par
     appreciated but is not required.\par
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
     misrepresented as being the original software.\par
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
  L. Peter Deutsch\par
  ghost@aladdin.com\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Guava 14.0.1\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (C) 2004-2012 The Guava Authors\par
The text of the Apache License, Version 2.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
Portion(s) of Guava 14.0.1 written by Doug Lea. Adapted and released, under explicit\par
 permission, from JDK1.2 HashMap.java and Hashtable.java which\par
 carries the following copyright:\par
\par
 * Copyright 1997 by Sun Microsystems, Inc.,\par
 * 901 San Antonio Road, Palo Alto, California, 94303, U.S.A.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * This software is the confidential and proprietary information\par
 * of Sun Microsystems, Inc. ("Confidential Information").  You\par
 * shall not disclose such Confidential Information and shall use\par
 * it only in accordance with the terms of the license agreement\par
 * you entered into with Sun.\par
\par
Portion(s) of Guava 14.0.1 written by Austin Appleby, and is placed in the public\par
 * domain. The author hereby disclaims copyright to this source code.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
IBM Instruction Set Simulator (ISS) for PPC405 and for PPC440\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
READ ME FIRST\par
\par
SOFTWARE LICENSE\par
\par
This IBM software is licensed to you under specific terms and conditions. Before using this software carefully read the terms and conditions. \par
\par
Opening this envelope or clicking the "accept" button below, as applicable, indicates your acceptance of the terms and conditions.  If you do not agree with them you should not install or use the software.  Instead, return the unused software to IBM or your authorized IBM re-seller.\par
\par
Any user of the software should understand that IBM cannot provide technical support for the software and will not be responsible for any consequences of the use of the software.\par
\par
LICENSE\par
\par
This is a license Agreement for IBM Instruction Set Simulator (ISS) Program which is provided on the enclosed IBM Diskette(s), or which may be recorded on other media included in this package.  International Business Machines Corporation ("IBM") owns the ISS Program.  The ISS  Program is protected by copyright and is licensed, not sold.  IBM or the applicable IBM country organization grants you a license to use the ISS  Program.   You obtain no rights other than those granted to you under this license.  IBM retains title to the ISS  Program and all copies you make of it.\par
\par
This license authorizes you to:\par
1. Use the IBM ISS Program, as described in the  "User's Guide" document provided with the ISS Program. \par
2. Copy the ISS Program for backup or archival Purposes or for distribution as part of your company's program product(s) which is sold to customers; and \par
3. Transfer possession of this ISS Program to another party as part of your company's program product(s); provided that  you supply a copy of this license agreement, or a license agreement containing essentially the same terms and conditions as this agreement, to such party.  \par
\par
You may NOT:\par
1. Use, merge, copy, display, adapt, modify, execute, distribute or transfer the ISS Program, except as authorized by this license; or \par
2. Reverse assemble, reverse compile, decode, or translate the ISS Program except to the extent permitted by law.\par
\par
Any attempt to sublicense, rent, lease, assign or to transfer the ISS Program, except as expressly provided by this license,  renders this license null and void.\par
\par
GENERAL\par
\par
You may terminate your license at any time.  IBM may terminate your license if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this License Agreement. In either event, you must destroy all of your copies of the ISS Program.  You are responsible for the payment of any taxes, including personal property taxes resulting from this Agreement.  Neither party may bring an action, regardless of form, more than one year after the cause of action arose.  This license is governed by the laws of the State of New York. \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Info-Zip\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (c) 1990-2005 Info-ZIP.  All rights reserved. \par
\par
For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Info-ZIP" is defined as the following set of individuals: \par
\par
Mark Adler, John Bush, Karl Davis, Harald Denker, Jean-Michel Dubois, Jean-loup Gailly, Hunter Goatley, Ed Gordon, Ian Gorman, Chris Herborth, Dirk Haase, Greg Hartwig, Robert Heath, Jonathan Hudson, Paul Kienitz, David Kirschbaum, Johnny Lee, Onno van der Linden, Igor Mandrichenko, Steve P. Miller, Sergio Monesi, Keith Owens, George Petrov, Greg Roelofs, Kai Uwe Rommel, Steve Salisbury, Dave Smith, Steven M. Schweda, Christian Spieler, Cosmin Truta, Antoine Verheijen, Paul von Behren, Rich Wales, Mike White \par
\par
This software is provided "as is," without warranty of any kind, express or implied.  In no event shall Info-ZIP or its contributors be held liable  for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to use this software. \par
\par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions: \par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list of conditions. \par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form (compiled executables) must reproduce the above copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list of conditions in documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  The sole exception to this condition is redistribution of a standard UnZipSFX binary (including SFXWiz) as part of a self-extracting archive; that is permitted without inclusion of this license, as long as the normal SFX banner has not been removed from the binary or disabled. \par
\par
3. Altered versions--including, but not limited to, ports to new operating systems, existing ports with new graphical interfaces, and dynamic, shared, or static library versions--must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented as being the original source.  Such altered versions also must not be misrepresented as being Info-ZIP releases--including, but not limited to, labeling of the altered versions with the names "Info-ZIP" (or any variation thereof, including, but not limited to, different capitalizations), "Pocket UnZip," "WiZ" or "MacZip" without the explicit permission of Info-ZIP.  Such altered versions are further prohibited from misrepresentative use of the Zip-Bugs or Info-ZIP e-mail addresses or of the Info-ZIP URL(s). \par
\par
4. Info-ZIP retains the right to use the names "Info-ZIP," "Zip," "UnZip," "UnZipSFX," "WiZ," "Pocket UnZip," "Pocket Zip," and "MacZip" for its own source and binary releases.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
iText PDF\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
* Copyright 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 by Bruno Lowagie.\par
 *\par
 * The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version 1.1\par
 * (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
 * You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/\par
 *\par
 * Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,\par
 * WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License\par
 * for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the License.\par
 *\par
 * The Original Code is 'iText, a free JAVA-PDF library'.\par
 *\par
 * The Initial Developer of the Original Code is Bruno Lowagie. Portions created by\par
 * the Initial Developer are Copyright (C) 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 by Bruno Lowagie.\par
 * All Rights Reserved.\par
 * Co-Developer of the code is Paulo Soares. Portions created by the Co-Developer\par
 * are Copyright (C) 2000, 2001, 2002 by Paulo Soares. All Rights Reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Contributor(s): all the names of the contributors are added in the source code\par
 * where applicable.\par
 *\par
 * Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of the\par
 * LGPL license (the "GNU LIBRARY GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE"), in which case the\par
 * provisions of LGPL are applicable instead of those above.  If you wish to\par
 * allow use of your version of this file only under the terms of the LGPL\par
 * License and not to allow others to use your version of this file under\par
 * the MPL, indicate your decision by deleting the provisions above and\par
 * replace them with the notice and other provisions required by the LGPL.\par
 * If you do not delete the provisions above, a recipient may use your version\par
 * of this file under either the MPL or the GNU LIBRARY GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE.\par
 *\par
 * This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
 * under the terms of the MPL as stated above or under the terms of the GNU\par
 * Library General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation;\par
 * either version 2 of the License, or any later version.\par
 *\par
 * This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT\par
 * ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS\par
 * FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Library general Public License for more\par
 * details.\par
 *\par
 * If you didn't download this code from the following link, you should check if\par
 * you aren't using an obsolete version:\par
 * http://www.lowagie.com/iText/\par
 */\par
\par
______________________________________\par
\par
----------\par
The text of the Mozilla Public License, Version 1.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
______________________________________\par
\par
----------\par
The text of the GNU Library General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
JArgs\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Steve Purcell.\par
Copyright (c) 2002      Vidar Holen.\par
Copyright (c) 2002      Michal Ceresna.\par
Copyright (c) 2005      Ewan Mellor.\par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
met: Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in\par
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of\par
conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other\par
materials provided with the distribution. Neither the name of the copyright\par
holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote\par
products derived from this software without specific prior written\par
permission.\par
\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Java Platform, Standard Edition (Development Kit, Runtime Environment)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright \u169C 1993, 2013, Oracle and/or its affiliates. \par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
\par
This software and related documentation are provided under a\par
license agreement containing restrictions on use and\par
disclosure and are protected by intellectual property laws.\par
Except as expressly permitted in your license agreement or\par
allowed by law, you may not use, copy, reproduce, translate,\par
broadcast, modify, license, transmit, distribute, exhibit,\par
perform, publish, or display any part, in any form, or by\par
any means.  Reverse engineering, disassembly, or\par
decompilation of this software, unless required by law for\par
interoperability, is prohibited.\par
\par
The information contained herein is subject to change\par
without notice and is not warranted to be error-free.  If\par
you find any errors, please report them to us in writing.\par
\par
If this is software or related software documentation that\par
is delivered to the U.S.  Government or anyone licensing it\par
on behalf of the U.S.  Government, the following notice is\par
applicable:\par
\par
U.S.  GOVERNMENT RIGHTS Programs, software, databases, and\par
related documentation and technical data delivered to U.S.\par
Government customers are "commercial computer software" or\par
"commercial technical data" pursuant to the applicable\par
Federal Acquisition Regulation and agency-specific\par
supplemental regulations.  As such, the use, duplication,\par
disclosure, modification, and adaptation shall be subject to\par
the restrictions and license terms set forth in the\par
applicable Government contract, and, to the extent\par
applicable by the terms of the Government contract, the\par
additional rights set forth in FAR 52.227-19, Commercial\par
Computer Software License (December 2007).  Oracle America,\par
Inc., 500 Oracle Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065.\par
\par
This software or hardware is developed for general use in a\par
variety of information management applications.  It is not\par
developed or intended for use in any inherently dangerous\par
applications, including applications which may create a risk\par
of personal injury.  If you use this software or hardware in\par
dangerous applications, then you shall be responsible to\par
take all appropriate fail-safe, backup, redundancy, and\par
other measures to ensure its safe use.  Oracle Corporation\par
and its affiliates disclaim any liability for any damages\par
caused by use of this software or hardware in dangerous\par
applications.\par
\par
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or\par
its affiliates.  Other names may be trademarks of their\par
respective owners.\par
\par
AMD, Opteron, the AMD logo, and the AMD Opteron logo are\par
trademarks or registered trademarks of Advanced Micro\par
Devices.  Intel and Intel Xeon are trademarks or registered\par
trademarks of Intel Corporation.  All SPARC trademarks are\par
used under license and are trademarks or registered\par
trademarks of SPARC International, Inc.  UNIX is a\par
registered trademark licensed through X/Open Company, Ltd.\par
\par
This software or hardware and documentation may provide\par
access to or information on content, products, and services\par
from third parties.  Oracle Corporation and its affiliates\par
are not responsible for and expressly disclaim all\par
warranties of any kind with respect to third-party content,\par
products, and services.  Oracle Corporation and its\par
affiliates will not be responsible for any loss, costs, or\par
damages incurred due to your access to or use of third-party\par
content, products, or services.\par
\par
-----------------------------\par
\par
Oracle Binary Code License Agreement for the Java SE Platform Products and JavaFX \par
\par
ORACLE AMERICA, INC. ("ORACLE"), FOR AND ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES UNDER COMMON CONTROL, IS WILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE TO YOU ONLY UPON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS BINARY CODE LICENSE AGREEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTAL LICENSE TERMS (COLLECTIVELY "AGREEMENT"). PLEASE READ THE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. BY SELECTING THE "ACCEPT LICENSE AGREEMENT" (OR THE EQUIVALENT) BUTTON AND/OR BY USING THE SOFTWARE YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THE TERMS AND AGREE TO THEM. IF YOU ARE AGREEING TO THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL AUTHORITY TO BIND THE LEGAL ENTITY TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS, THEN SELECT THE "DECLINE LICENSE AGREEMENT" (OR THE EQUIVALENT) BUTTON AND YOU MUST NOT USE THE SOFTWARE ON THIS SITE OR ANY OTHER MEDIA ON WHICH THE SOFTWARE IS CONTAINED.\par
\par
1. DEFINITIONS. "Software" means the software identified above in binary form that you selected for download, install or use (in the version You selected for download, install or use) from Oracle or its authorized licensees, any other machine readable materials (including, but not limited to, libraries, source files, header files, and data files), any updates or error corrections provided by Oracle, and any user manuals, programming guides and other documentation provided to you by Oracle under this Agreement. "General Purpose Desktop Computers and Servers" means computers, including desktop and laptop computers, or servers, used for general computing functions under end user control (such as but not specifically limited to email, general purpose Internet browsing, and office suite productivity tools). The use of Software in systems and solutions that provide dedicated functionality (other than as mentioned above) or designed for use in embedded or function-specific software applications, for example but not limited to: Software embedded in or bundled with industrial control systems, wireless mobile telephones, wireless handheld devices, kiosks, TV/STB, Blu-ray Disc devices, telematics and network control switching equipment, printers and storage management systems, and other related systems are excluded from this definition and not licensed under this Agreement. "Programs" means (a) Java technology applets and applications intended to run on the Java Platform, Standard Edition platform on Java-enabled General Purpose Desktop Computers and Servers; and (b) JavaFX technology applications intended to run on the JavaFX Runtime on JavaFX-enabled General Purpose Desktop Computers and Servers. "Commercial Features" means those features identified in Table 1-1 (Commercial Features In Java SE Product Editions) of the Java SE documentation accessible at http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/documentation/index.html. "README File" means the README file for the Software accessible at http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/documentation/index.html.\par
\par
2. LICENSE TO USE. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement including, but not limited to, the Java Technology Restrictions of the Supplemental License Terms, Oracle grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license without license fees to reproduce and use internally the Software complete and unmodified for the sole purpose of running Programs. THE LICENSE SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 2 DOES NOT EXTEND TO THE COMMERCIAL FEATURES. YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS RELATED TO THE COMMERCIAL FEATURES ARE AS SET FORTH IN THE SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS ALONG WITH ADDITIONAL LICENSES FOR DEVELOPERS AND PUBLISHERS.\par
\par
3. RESTRICTIONS. Software is copyrighted. Title to Software and all associated intellectual property rights is retained by Oracle and/or its licensors. Unless enforcement is prohibited by applicable law, you may not modify, decompile, or reverse engineer Software. You acknowledge that the Software is developed for general use in a variety of information management applications; it is not developed or intended for use in any inherently dangerous applications, including applications that may create a risk of personal injury. If you use the Software in dangerous applications, then you shall be responsible to take all appropriate fail-safe, backup, redundancy, and other measures to ensure its safe use. Oracle disclaims any express or implied warranty of fitness for such uses. No right, title or interest in or to any trademark, service mark, logo or trade name of Oracle or its licensors is granted under this Agreement. Additional restrictions for developers and/or publishers licenses are set forth in the Supplemental License Terms.\par
\par
4. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. ORACLE FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT.\par
\par
5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL ORACLE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA OR DATA USE, INCURRED BY YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR TORT, EVEN IF ORACLE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ORACLE'S ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES HEREUNDER SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS (U.S. $1,000).\par
\par
6. TERMINATION. This Agreement is effective until terminated. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying all copies of Software. This Agreement will terminate immediately without notice from Oracle if you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately should any Software become, or in either party's opinion be likely to become, the subject of a claim of infringement of any intellectual property right. Upon termination, you must destroy all copies of Software.\par
\par
7. EXPORT REGULATIONS. You agree that U.S. export control laws and other applicable export and import laws govern your use of the Software, including technical data; additional information can be found on Oracle's Global Trade Compliance web site (http://www.oracle.com/products/export). You agree that neither the Software nor any direct product thereof will be exported, directly, or indirectly, in violation of these laws, or will be used for any purpose prohibited by these laws including, without limitation, nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons proliferation.\par
\par
8. TRADEMARKS AND LOGOS. You acknowledge and agree as between you\par
and Oracle that Oracle owns the ORACLE and JAVA trademarks and all ORACLE- and JAVA-related trademarks, service marks, logos and other brand\par
designations ("Oracle Marks"), and you agree to comply with the Third\par
Party Usage Guidelines for Oracle Trademarks currently located at\par
http://www.oracle.com/us/legal/third-party-trademarks/index.html . Any use you make of the Oracle Marks inures to Oracle's benefit.\par
\par
9. U.S. GOVERNMENT LICENSE RIGHTS. If Software is being acquired by or on behalf of the U.S. Government or by a U.S. Government prime contractor or subcontractor (at any tier), then the Government's rights in Software and accompanying documentation shall be only those set forth in this Agreement.\par
\par
10. GOVERNING LAW. This agreement is governed by the substantive and procedural laws of California. You and Oracle agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of, and venue in, the courts of San Francisco, or Santa Clara counties in California in any dispute arising out of or relating to this agreement.\par
\par
11. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, this Agreement will remain in effect with the provision omitted, unless omission would frustrate the intent of the parties, in which case this Agreement will immediately terminate.\par
\par
12. INTEGRATION. This Agreement is the entire agreement between you and Oracle relating to its subject matter. It supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals, representations and warranties and prevails over any conflicting or additional terms of any quote, order, acknowledgment, or other communication between the parties relating to its subject matter during the term of this Agreement. No modification of this Agreement will be binding, unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of each party.\par
\par
SUPPLEMENTAL LICENSE TERMS\par
\par
These Supplemental License Terms add to or modify the terms of the Binary Code License Agreement. Capitalized terms not defined in these Supplemental Terms shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Binary Code License Agreement. These Supplemental Terms shall supersede any inconsistent or conflicting terms in the Binary Code License Agreement, or in any license contained within the Software.\par
\par
A. COMMERCIAL FEATURES. You may not use the Commercial Features for running Programs, Java applets or applications in your internal business operations or for any commercial or production purpose, or for any purpose other than as set forth in Sections B, C, D and E of these Supplemental Terms. If You want to use the Commercial Features for any purpose other than as permitted in this Agreement, You must obtain a separate license from Oracle.\par
\par
B. SOFTWARE INTERNAL USE FOR DEVELOPMENT LICENSE GRANT. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and restrictions and exceptions set forth in the README File incorporated herein by reference, including, but not limited to the Java Technology Restrictions of these Supplemental Terms, Oracle grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license without fees to reproduce internally and use internally the Software complete and unmodified for the purpose of designing, developing, and testing your Programs.\par
\par
C. LICENSE TO DISTRIBUTE SOFTWARE. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and restrictions and exceptions set forth in the README File, including, but not limited to the Java Technology Restrictions and Limitations on Redistribution of these Supplemental Terms, Oracle grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license without fees to reproduce and distribute the Software, provided that (i) you distribute the Software complete and unmodified and only bundled as part of, and for the sole purpose of running, your Programs, (ii) the Programs add significant and primary functionality to the Software, (iii) you do not distribute additional software intended to replace any component(s) of the Software, (iv) you do not remove or alter any proprietary legends or notices contained in the Software, (v) you only distribute the Software subject to a license agreement that: (a) is a complete, unmodified reproduction of this Agreement; or (b) protects Oracle's interests consistent with the terms contained in this Agreement and that includes the notice set forth in Section H, and (vi) you agree to defend and indemnify Oracle and its licensors from and against any damages, costs, liabilities, settlement amounts and/or expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with any claim, lawsuit or action by any third party that arises or results from the use or distribution of any and all Programs and/or Software. The license set forth in this Section C does not extend to the Software identified in Section G.\par
\par
D. LICENSE TO DISTRIBUTE REDISTRIBUTABLES. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and restrictions and exceptions set forth in the README File, including but not limited to the Java Technology Restrictions and Limitations on Redistribution of these Supplemental Terms, Oracle grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license without fees to reproduce and distribute those files specifically identified as redistributable in the README File ("Redistributables") provided that: (i) you distribute the Redistributables complete and unmodified, and only bundled as part of Programs, (ii) the Programs add significant and primary functionality to the Redistributables, (iii) you do not distribute additional software intended to supersede any component(s) of the Redistributables (unless otherwise specified in the applicable README File), (iv) you do not remove or alter any proprietary legends or notices contained in or on the Redistributables, (v) you only distribute the Redistributables pursuant to a license agreement that: (a) is a complete, unmodified reproduction of this Agreement; or (b) protects Oracle's interests consistent with the terms contained in the Agreement and includes the notice set forth in Section H, (vi) you agree to defend and indemnify Oracle and its licensors from and against any damages, costs, liabilities, settlement amounts and/or expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with any claim, lawsuit or action by any third party that arises or results from the use or distribution of any and all Programs and/or Software. The license set forth in this Section D does not extend to the Software identified in Section G.\par
\par
E. DISTRIBUTION BY PUBLISHERS. This section pertains to your distribution of the JavaTM SE Development Kit Software ("JDK") with your printed book or magazine (as those terms are commonly used in the industry) relating to Java technology ("Publication"). Subject to and conditioned upon your compliance with the restrictions and obligations contained in the Agreement, Oracle hereby grants to you a non-exclusive, nontransferable limited right to reproduce complete and unmodified copies of the JDK on electronic media (the "Media") for the sole purpose of inclusion and distribution with your Publication(s), subject to the following terms: (i) You may not distribute the JDK on a stand-alone basis; it must be distributed with your Publication(s); (ii) You are responsible for downloading the JDK from the applicable Oracle web site; (iii) You must refer to the JDK as JavaTM SE Development Kit; (iv) The JDK must be reproduced in its entirety and without any modification whatsoever (including with respect to all proprietary notices) and distributed with your Publication subject to a license agreement that is a complete, unmodified reproduction of this Agreement; (v) The Media label shall include the following information: "Copyright [YEAR], Oracle America, Inc. All rights reserved. Use is subject to license terms. ORACLE and JAVA trademarks and all ORACLE- and JAVA-related trademarks, service marks, logos and other brand designations are trademarks or registered trademarks of Oracle in the U.S. and other countries." [YEAR] is the year of Oracle's release of the Software; the year information can typically be found in the Software's "About" box or screen. This information must be placed on the Media label in such a manner as to only apply to the JDK; (vi) You must clearly identify the JDK as Oracle's product on the Media holder or Media label, and you may not state or imply that Oracle is responsible for any third-party software contained on the Media; (vii) You may not include any third party software on the Media which is intended to be a replacement or substitute for the JDK; (viii) You agree to defend and indemnify Oracle and its licensors from and against any damages, costs, liabilities, settlement amounts and/or expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with any claim, lawsuit or action by any third party that arises or results from the use or distribution of the JDK and/or the Publication; ; and (ix) You shall provide Oracle with a written notice for each Publication; such notice shall include the following information: (1) title of Publication, (2) author(s), (3) date of Publication, and (4) ISBN or ISSN numbers. Such notice shall be sent to Oracle America, Inc., 500 Oracle Parkway, Redwood Shores, California 94065 U.S.A , Attention: General Counsel.\par
\par
F. JAVA TECHNOLOGY RESTRICTIONS. You may not create, modify, or change the behavior of, or authorize your licensees to create, modify, or change the behavior of, classes, interfaces, or subpackages that are in any way identified as "java", "javax", "sun", "oracle" or similar convention as specified by Oracle in any naming convention designation.\par
\par
G. LIMITATIONS ON REDISTRIBUTION. You may not redistribute or otherwise transfer patches, bug fixes or updates made available by Oracle through Oracle Premier Support, including those made available under Oracle's Java SE Support program.\par
\par
H. COMMERCIAL FEATURES NOTICE. For purpose of complying with Supplemental Term Section C.(v)(b) and D.(v)(b), your license agreement shall include the following notice, where the notice is displayed in a manner that anyone using the Software will see the notice:\par
\par
Use of the Commercial Features for any commercial or production purpose requires a separate license from Oracle. "Commercial Features" means those features identified Table 1-1 (Commercial Features In Java SE Product Editions) of the Java SE documentation accessible at http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/documentation/index.html \par
\par
 \par
\par
I. SOURCE CODE. Software may contain source code that, unless expressly licensed for other purposes, is provided solely for reference purposes pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Source code may not be redistributed unless expressly provided for in this Agreement.\par
\par
J. THIRD PARTY CODE. Additional copyright notices and license terms applicable to portions of the Software are set forth in the THIRDPARTYLICENSEREADME file accessible at http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/documentation/index.html. In addition to any terms and conditions of any third party opensource/freeware license identified in the THIRDPARTYLICENSEREADME file, the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provisions in paragraphs 4 and 5 of the Binary Code License Agreement shall apply to all Software in this distribution.\par
\par
K. TERMINATION FOR INFRINGEMENT. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately should any Software become, or in either party's opinion be likely to become, the subject of a claim of infringement of any intellectual property right.\par
\par
L. INSTALLATION AND AUTO-UPDATE. The Software's installation and auto-update processes transmit a limited amount of data to Oracle (or its service provider) about those specific processes to help Oracle understand and optimize them. Oracle does not associate the data with personally identifiable information. You can find more information about the data Oracle collects as a result of your Software download at http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/documentation/index.html.\par
\par
For inquiries please contact: Oracle America, Inc., 500 Oracle Parkway,\par
\par
Redwood Shores, California 94065, USA.\par
\par
Last updated 02 April 2013\par
-----------------------------\par
\par
DO NOT TRANSLATE OR LOCALIZE.\par
-----------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to ASM Bytecode Manipulation \par
Framework v3.1, which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000-2005 INRIA, France Telecom\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its\par
   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
   this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF\par
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to CodeViewer 1.0, which is included \par
with JDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright 1999 by CoolServlets.com.\par
\par
Any errors or suggested improvements to this class can be reported as\par
instructed on CoolServlets.com. We hope you enjoy this program... your\par
comments will encourage further development!  This software is distributed\par
under the terms of the BSD License.  Redistribution and use in source and\par
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the\par
following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
Neither name of CoolServlets.com nor the names of its contributors may be\par
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY COOLSERVLETS.COM AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON\par
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE."\par
\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Cryptix AES 3.2.0, which is\par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Cryptix General License\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995-2005 The Cryptix Foundation Limited.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
met:\par
\par
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice,\par
     this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
     the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
     distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CRYPTIX FOUNDATION LIMITED AND\par
CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CRYPTIX FOUNDATION LIMITED OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR\par
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE\par
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN\par
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to CUP Parser Generator for \par
Java 0.10k, which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright 1996-1999 by Scott Hudson, Frank Flannery, C. Scott Ananian\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its\par
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided\par
that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both the\par
copyright notice and this permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear in\par
supporting documentation, and that the names of the authors or their\par
employers not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of\par
the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
\par
The authors and their employers disclaim all warranties with regard to\par
this software, including all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness.\par
In no event shall the authors or their employers be liable for any special,\par
indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from\par
loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or\par
other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or\par
performance of this software.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2\par
& 3, which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
W3C SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE\par
\par
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2002/copyright-software-20021231\par
\par
This work (and included software, documentation such as READMEs, or other\par
related items) is being provided by the copyright holders under the following\par
license. By obtaining, using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee)\par
agree that you have read, understood, and will comply with the following terms\par
and conditions.\par
\par
Permission to copy, modify, and distribute this software and its\par
documentation, with or without modification, for any purpose and without fee\par
or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the following on ALL\par
copies of the software and documentation or portions thereof, including\par
modifications:\par
\par
   1.The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the\par
   redistributed or derivative work.\par
\par
   2.Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms and\par
   conditions. If none exist, the W3C Software Short Notice should be included\par
   (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) within the body of any\par
   redistributed or derivative code.\par
\par
   3.Notice of any changes or modifications to the files, including the date\par
   changes were made. (We recommend you provide URIs to the location from\par
   which the code is derived.)\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS\par
MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY\par
THIRD PARTY PATENTS,COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL\par
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR\par
DOCUMENTATION.  The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used\par
in advertising or publicity pertaining to the software without specific,\par
written prior permission. Title to copyright in this software and any\par
associated documentation will at all times remain with copyright holders.\par
\par
____________________________________\par
\par
This formulation of W3C's notice and license became active on December 31\par
2002. This version removes the copyright ownership notice such that this\par
license can be used with materials other than those owned by the W3C, reflects\par
that ERCIM is now a host of the W3C, includes references to this specific\par
dated version of the license, and removes the ambiguous grant of "use".\par
Otherwise, this version is the same as the previous version and is written so\par
as to preserve the Free Software Foundation's assessment of GPL compatibility\par
and OSI's certification under the Open Source Definition. Please see our\par
Copyright FAQ for common questions about using materials from our site,\par
including specific terms and conditions for packages like libwww, Amaya, and\par
Jigsaw. Other questions about this notice can be directed to\par
site-policy@w3.org.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to FontConfig 2.5, which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7 source distributions on\par
Linux and Solaris.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright \u169C 2001,2003 Keith Packard\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its\par
documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the\par
above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright\par
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that\par
the name of Keith Packard not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining\par
to distribution of the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
Keith Packard makes no representations about the suitability of this software\par
for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
KEITH PACKARD DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING\par
ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL KEITH\par
PACKARD BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY\par
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN\par
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN\par
CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to IAIK PKCS#11 Wrapper, \par
which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
IAIK PKCS#11 Wrapper License\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2002 Graz University of Technology. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, must\par
   include the following acknowledgment:\par
\par
   "This product includes software developed by IAIK of Graz University of\par
    Technology."\par
\par
   Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself, if and\par
   wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.\par
\par
4. The names "Graz University of Technology" and "IAIK of Graz University of\par
   Technology" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
   software without prior written permission.\par
\par
5. Products derived from this software may not be called "IAIK PKCS Wrapper",\par
   nor may "IAIK" appear in their name, without prior written permission of\par
   Graz University of Technology.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,\par
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to ICU4C 4.0.1 and ICU4J 4.4, which \par
is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995-2010 International Business Machines Corporation and others \par
\par
All rights reserved. \par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the\par
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,\par
provided that the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear\par
in all copies of the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and\par
this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN\par
NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY\par
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN\par
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN\par
CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not\par
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings\par
in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.\par
All trademarks and registered trademarks mentioned herein are the property of\par
their respective owners.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to IJG JPEG 6b, which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
This software is copyright (C) 1991-1998, Thomas G. Lane.\par
All Rights Reserved except as specified below.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software (or portions thereof) for any purpose, without fee, subject to these\par
conditions:\par
(1) If any part of the source code for this software is distributed, then this\par
README file must be included, with this copyright and no-warranty notice\par
unaltered; and any additions, deletions, or changes to the original files\par
must be clearly indicated in accompanying documentation.\par
(2) If only executable code is distributed, then the accompanying\par
documentation must state that "this software is based in part on the work of\par
the Independent JPEG Group".\par
(3) Permission for use of this software is granted only if the user accepts\par
full responsibility for any undesirable consequences; the authors accept\par
NO LIABILITY for damages of any kind.\par
\par
These conditions apply to any software derived from or based on the IJG code,\par
not just to the unmodified library.  If you use our work, you ought to\par
acknowledge us.\par
\par
Permission is NOT granted for the use of any IJG author's name or company name\par
in advertising or publicity relating to this software or products derived from\par
it.  This software may be referred to only as "the Independent JPEG Group's\par
software".\par
\par
We specifically permit and encourage the use of this software as the basis of\par
commercial products, provided that all warranty or liability claims are\par
assumed by the product vendor.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to JOpt-Simple v3.0,  which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
 Copyright (c) 2004-2009 Paul R. Holser, Jr.\par
\par
 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
 a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
 "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
 without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
 distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
 permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
 the following conditions:\par
\par
 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be\par
 included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
 EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
 MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
 NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE\par
 LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION\par
 OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION\par
 WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Kerberos functionality, which \par
which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
 (C) Copyright IBM Corp. 1999 All Rights Reserved.\par
 Copyright 1997 The Open Group Research Institute. All rights reserved.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Kerberos functionality from \par
FundsXpress, INC., which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 1998 by the FundsXpress, INC.\par
\par
 All rights reserved.\par
\par
 Export of this software from the United States of America may require\par
 a specific license from the United States Government.  It is the\par
 responsibility of any person or organization contemplating export to\par
 obtain such a license before exporting.\par
\par
 WITHIN THAT CONSTRAINT, permission to use, copy, modify, and\par
 distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and\par
 without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright\par
 notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and\par
 this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that\par
 the name of FundsXpress. not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining\par
 to distribution of the software without specific, written prior\par
 permission.  FundsXpress makes no representations about the suitability of\par
 this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express\par
 or implied warranty.\par
\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
 WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Kronos OpenGL headers, which is \par
included with JDK 7 and OpenJDK 7 source distributions.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
 Copyright (c) 2007 The Khronos Group Inc.\par
\par
 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
 of this software and/or associated documentation files (the "Materials"), to\par
 deal in the Materials without restriction, including without limitation the\par
 rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or\par
 sell copies of the Materials, and to permit persons to whom the Materials are\par
 furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all\par
 copies or substantial portions of the Materials.\par
\par
 THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
 IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
 AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
 LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
 OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE MATERIALS OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE\par
 MATERIALS.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% Portions Copyright Eastman Kodak Company 1992\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to libpng 1.5.4, which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
This copy of the libpng notices is provided for your convenience.  In case of\par
any discrepancy between this copy and the notices in the file png.h that is\par
included in the libpng distribution, the latter shall prevail.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE:\par
\par
If you modify libpng you may insert additional notices immediately following\par
this sentence.\par
\par
This code is released under the libpng license.\par
\par
libpng versions 1.2.6, August 15, 2004, through 1.5.4, July 7, 2011, are\par
Copyright (c) 2004, 2006-2011 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are\par
distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-1.2.5\par
with the following individual added to the list of Contributing Authors\par
\par
   Cosmin Truta\par
\par
libpng versions 1.0.7, July 1, 2000, through 1.2.5 - October 3, 2002, are\par
Copyright (c) 2000-2002 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are\par
distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-1.0.6\par
with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors\par
\par
   Simon-Pierre Cadieux\par
   Eric S. Raymond\par
   Gilles Vollant\par
\par
and with the following additions to the disclaimer:\par
\par
   There is no warranty against interference with your enjoyment of the\par
   library or against infringement.  There is no warranty that our\par
   efforts or the library will fulfill any of your particular purposes\par
   or needs.  This library is provided with all faults, and the entire\par
   risk of satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy, and effort is with\par
   the user.\par
\par
libpng versions 0.97, January 1998, through 1.0.6, March 20, 2000, are\par
Copyright (c) 1998, 1999 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are\par
distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.96,\par
with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors:\par
\par
   Tom Lane\par
   Glenn Randers-Pehrson\par
   Willem van Schaik\par
\par
libpng versions 0.89, June 1996, through 0.96, May 1997, are\par
Copyright (c) 1996, 1997 Andreas Dilger\par
Distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.88,\par
with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors:\par
\par
   John Bowler\par
   Kevin Bracey\par
   Sam Bushell\par
   Magnus Holmgren\par
   Greg Roelofs\par
   Tom Tanner\par
\par
libpng versions 0.5, May 1995, through 0.88, January 1996, are\par
Copyright (c) 1995, 1996 Guy Eric Schalnat, Group 42, Inc.\par
\par
For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Contributing Authors"\par
is defined as the following set of individuals:\par
\par
   Andreas Dilger\par
   Dave Martindale\par
   Guy Eric Schalnat\par
   Paul Schmidt\par
   Tim Wegner\par
\par
The PNG Reference Library is supplied "AS IS".  The Contributing Authors\par
and Group 42, Inc. disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied,\par
including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability and of\par
fitness for any purpose.  The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc.\par
assume no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary,\par
or consequential damages, which may result from the use of the PNG\par
Reference Library, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
source code, or portions hereof, for any purpose, without fee, subject\par
to the following restrictions:\par
\par
1. The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented.\par
\par
2. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and must not\par
   be misrepresented as being the original source.\par
\par
3. This Copyright notice may not be removed or altered from any\par
   source or altered source distribution.\par
\par
The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. specifically permit, without\par
fee, and encourage the use of this source code as a component to\par
supporting the PNG file format in commercial products.  If you use this\par
source code in a product, acknowledgment is not required but would be\par
appreciated.\par
\par
\par
A "png_get_copyright" function is available, for convenient use in "about"\par
boxes and the like:\par
\par
   printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL));\par
\par
Also, the PNG logo (in PNG format, of course) is supplied in the\par
files "pngbar.png" and "pngbar.jpg (88x31) and "pngnow.png" (98x31).\par
\par
Libpng is OSI Certified Open Source Software.  OSI Certified Open Source is a\par
certification mark of the Open Source Initiative.\par
\par
Glenn Randers-Pehrson\par
glennrp at users.sourceforge.net\par
July 7, 2011\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to libungif 4.1.3, which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
The GIFLIB distribution is Copyright (c) 1997  Eric S. Raymond\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN\par
THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Little CMS 2.0, which is \par
included with OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Little CMS\par
Copyright (c) 1998-2010 Marti Maria Saguer\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all\par
copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% Lucida is a registered trademark or trademark of Bigelow & Holmes in the\par
U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Mesa 3D Graphics Library v4.1,\par
which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7 source distributions.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
 Mesa 3-D graphics library\par
 Version:  4.1\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 1999-2002  Brian Paul   All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a\par
 copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),\par
 to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation\par
 the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,\par
 and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the\par
 Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
 in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
 OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL\par
 BRIAN PAUL BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
 AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN\par
 CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to PC/SC Lite for Suse Linux v.1.1.1,\par
which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7 on Linux and Solaris.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999-2004 David Corcoran <corcoran@linuxnet.com>\par
Copyright (c) 1999-2004 Ludovic Rousseau <ludovic.rousseau (at) free.fr>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
   must display the following acknowledgement:\par
     This product includes software developed by: \par
      David Corcoran <corcoran@linuxnet.com>\par
      http://www.linuxnet.com (MUSCLE)\par
4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
Changes to this license can be made only by the copyright author with \par
explicit written consent.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Relax NG Object/Parser v.20050510,\par
which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright (c) Kohsuke Kawaguchi\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright\par
notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or\par
substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to RelaxNGCC v1.12, which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000-2003 Daisuke Okajima and Kohsuke Kawaguchi.  \par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, must\par
   include the following acknowledgment:\par
\par
    "This product includes software developed by Daisuke Okajima\par
    and Kohsuke Kawaguchi (http://relaxngcc.sf.net/)."\par
\par
Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself, if and\par
wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.\par
\par
4. The names of the copyright holders must not be used to endorse or promote\par
   products derived from this software without prior written permission. For\par
   written permission, please contact the copyright holders.\par
\par
5. Products derived from this software may not be called "RELAXNGCC", nor may\par
  "RELAXNGCC" appear in their name, without prior written permission of the\par
  copyright holders.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE\par
SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,\par
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Mozilla Rhino v1.7R3, which \par
is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
                          MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE\par
                                Version 1.1\par
\par
                              ---------------\par
\par
1. Definitions.\par
\par
     1.0.1. "Commercial Use" means distribution or otherwise making the\par
     Covered Code available to a third party.\par
\par
     1.1. "Contributor" means each entity that creates or contributes to\par
     the creation of Modifications.\par
\par
     1.2. "Contributor Version" means the combination of the Original\par
     Code, prior Modifications used by a Contributor, and the Modifications\par
     made by that particular Contributor.\par
\par
     1.3. "Covered Code" means the Original Code or Modifications or the\par
     combination of the Original Code and Modifications, in each case\par
     including portions thereof.\par
\par
     1.4. "Electronic Distribution Mechanism" means a mechanism generally\par
     accepted in the software development community for the electronic\par
     transfer of data.\par
\par
     1.5. "Executable" means Covered Code in any form other than Source\par
     Code.\par
\par
     1.6. "Initial Developer" means the individual or entity identified\par
     as the Initial Developer in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit\par
     A.\par
\par
     1.7. "Larger Work" means a work which combines Covered Code or\par
     portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License.\par
\par
     1.8. "License" means this document.\par
\par
     1.8.1. "Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum\par
     extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or\par
     subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein.\par
\par
     1.9. "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion from the\par
     substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous\par
     Modifications. When Covered Code is released as a series of files, a\par
     Modification is:\par
          A. Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file\par
          containing Original Code or previous Modifications.\par
\par
          B. Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or\par
          previous Modifications.\par
\par
     1.10. "Original Code" means Source Code of computer software code\par
     which is described in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A as\par
     Original Code, and which, at the time of its release under this\par
     License is not already Covered Code governed by this License.\par
\par
     1.10.1. "Patent Claims" means any patent claim(s), now owned or\par
     hereafter acquired, including without limitation,  method, process,\par
     and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by grantor.\par
\par
     1.11. "Source Code" means the preferred form of the Covered Code for\par
     making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus\par
     any associated interface definition files, scripts used to control\par
     compilation and installation of an Executable, or source code\par
     differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another\par
     well known, available Covered Code of the Contributor's choice. The\par
     Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form, provided the\par
     appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available\par
     for no charge.\par
\par
     1.12. "You" (or "Your")  means an individual or a legal entity\par
     exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this\par
     License or a future version of this License issued under Section 6.1.\par
     For legal entities, "You" includes any entity which controls, is\par
     controlled by, or is under common control with You. For purposes of\par
     this definition, "control" means (a) the power, direct or indirect,\par
     to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by\par
     contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than fifty percent\par
     (50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such\par
     entity.\par
\par
2. Source Code License.\par
\par
     2.1. The Initial Developer Grant.\par
     The Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free,\par
     non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property\par
     claims:\par
          (a)  under intellectual property rights (other than patent or\par
          trademark) Licensable by Initial Developer to use, reproduce,\par
          modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original\par
          Code (or portions thereof) with or without Modifications, and/or\par
          as part of a Larger Work; and\par
\par
          (b) under Patents Claims infringed by the making, using or\par
          selling of Original Code, to make, have made, use, practice,\par
          sell, and offer for sale, and/or otherwise dispose of the\par
          Original Code (or portions thereof).\par
\par
          (c) the licenses granted in this Section 2.1(a) and (b) are\par
          effective on the date Initial Developer first distributes\par
          Original Code under the terms of this License.\par
\par
          (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.1(b) above, no patent license is\par
          granted: 1) for code that You delete from the Original Code; 2)\par
          separate from the Original Code;  or 3) for infringements caused\par
          by: i) the modification of the Original Code or ii) the\par
          combination of the Original Code with other software or devices.\par
\par
     2.2. Contributor Grant.\par
     Subject to third party intellectual property claims, each Contributor\par
     hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license\par
\par
          (a)  under intellectual property rights (other than patent or\par
          trademark) Licensable by Contributor, to use, reproduce, modify,\par
          display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Modifications\par
          created by such Contributor (or portions thereof) either on an\par
          unmodified basis, with other Modifications, as Covered Code\par
          and/or as part of a Larger Work; and\par
\par
          (b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using, or\par
          selling of  Modifications made by that Contributor either alone\par
          and/or in combination with its Contributor Version (or portions\par
          of such combination), to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have\par
          made, and/or otherwise dispose of: 1) Modifications made by that\par
          Contributor (or portions thereof); and 2) the combination of\par
          Modifications made by that Contributor with its Contributor\par
          Version (or portions of such combination).\par
\par
          (c) the licenses granted in Sections 2.2(a) and 2.2(b) are\par
          effective on the date Contributor first makes Commercial Use of\par
          the Covered Code.\par
\par
          (d)    Notwithstanding Section 2.2(b) above, no patent license is\par
          granted: 1) for any code that Contributor has deleted from the\par
          Contributor Version; 2)  separate from the Contributor Version;\par
          3)  for infringements caused by: i) third party modifications of\par
          Contributor Version or ii)  the combination of Modifications made\par
          by that Contributor with other software  (except as part of the\par
          Contributor Version) or other devices; or 4) under Patent Claims\par
          infringed by Covered Code in the absence of Modifications made by\par
          that Contributor.\par
\par
3. Distribution Obligations.\par
\par
     3.1. Application of License.\par
     The Modifications which You create or to which You contribute are\par
     governed by the terms of this License, including without limitation\par
     Section 2.2. The Source Code version of Covered Code may be\par
     distributed only under the terms of this License or a future version\par
     of this License released under Section 6.1, and You must include a\par
     copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code You\par
     distribute. You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code\par
     version that alters or restricts the applicable version of this\par
     License or the recipients' rights hereunder. However, You may include\par
     an additional document offering the additional rights described in\par
     Section 3.5.\par
\par
     3.2. Availability of Source Code.\par
     Any Modification which You create or to which You contribute must be\par
     made available in Source Code form under the terms of this License\par
     either on the same media as an Executable version or via an accepted\par
     Electronic Distribution Mechanism to anyone to whom you made an\par
     Executable version available; and if made available via Electronic\par
     Distribution Mechanism, must remain available for at least twelve (12)\par
     months after the date it initially became available, or at least six\par
     (6) months after a subsequent version of that particular Modification\par
     has been made available to such recipients. You are responsible for\par
     ensuring that the Source Code version remains available even if the\par
     Electronic Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party.\par
\par
     3.3. Description of Modifications.\par
     You must cause all Covered Code to which You contribute to contain a\par
     file documenting the changes You made to create that Covered Code and\par
     the date of any change. You must include a prominent statement that\par
     the Modification is derived, directly or indirectly, from Original\par
     Code provided by the Initial Developer and including the name of the\par
     Initial Developer in (a) the Source Code, and (b) in any notice in an\par
     Executable version or related documentation in which You describe the\par
     origin or ownership of the Covered Code.\par
\par
     3.4. Intellectual Property Matters\par
          (a) Third Party Claims.\par
          If Contributor has knowledge that a license under a third party's\par
          intellectual property rights is required to exercise the rights\par
          granted by such Contributor under Sections 2.1 or 2.2,\par
          Contributor must include a text file with the Source Code\par
          distribution titled "LEGAL" which describes the claim and the\par
          party making the claim in sufficient detail that a recipient will\par
          know whom to contact. If Contributor obtains such knowledge after\par
          the Modification is made available as described in Section 3.2,\par
          Contributor shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in all copies\par
          Contributor makes available thereafter and shall take other steps\par
          (such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups)\par
          reasonably calculated to inform those who received the Covered\par
          Code that new knowledge has been obtained.\par
\par
          (b) Contributor APIs.\par
          If Contributor's Modifications include an application programming\par
          interface and Contributor has knowledge of patent licenses which\par
          are reasonably necessary to implement that API, Contributor must\par
          also include this information in the LEGAL file.\par
\par
               (c)    Representations.\par
          Contributor represents that, except as disclosed pursuant to\par
          Section 3.4(a) above, Contributor believes that Contributor's\par
          Modifications are Contributor's original creation(s) and/or\par
          Contributor has sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by\par
          this License.\par
\par
     3.5. Required Notices.\par
     You must duplicate the notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source\par
     Code.  If it is not possible to put such notice in a particular Source\par
     Code file due to its structure, then You must include such notice in a\par
     location (such as a relevant directory) where a user would be likely\par
     to look for such a notice.  If You created one or more Modification(s)\par
     You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in\par
     Exhibit A.  You must also duplicate this License in any documentation\par
     for the Source Code where You describe recipients' rights or ownership\par
     rights relating to Covered Code.  You may choose to offer, and to\par
     charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability\par
     obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code. However, You\par
     may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of the Initial\par
     Developer or any Contributor. You must make it absolutely clear than\par
     any such warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligation is\par
     offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial\par
     Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the\par
     Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of warranty,\par
     support, indemnity or liability terms You offer.\par
\par
     3.6. Distribution of Executable Versions.\par
     You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the\par
     requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code,\par
     and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of\par
     the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License,\par
     including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the\par
     obligations of Section 3.2. The notice must be conspicuously included\par
     in any notice in an Executable version, related documentation or\par
     collateral in which You describe recipients' rights relating to the\par
     Covered Code. You may distribute the Executable version of Covered\par
     Code or ownership rights under a license of Your choice, which may\par
     contain terms different from this License, provided that You are in\par
     compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the\par
     Executable version does not attempt to limit or alter the recipient's\par
     rights in the Source Code version from the rights set forth in this\par
     License. If You distribute the Executable version under a different\par
     license You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ\par
     from this License are offered by You alone, not by the Initial\par
     Developer or any Contributor. You hereby agree to indemnify the\par
     Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by\par
     the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such\par
     terms You offer.\par
\par
     3.7. Larger Works.\par
     You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code\par
     not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger\par
     Work as a single product. In such a case, You must make sure the\par
     requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code.\par
\par
4. Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation.\par
\par
     If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this\par
     License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to\par
     statute, judicial order, or regulation then You must: (a) comply with\par
     the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b)\par
     describe the limitations and the code they affect. Such description\par
     must be included in the LEGAL file described in Section 3.4 and must\par
     be included with all distributions of the Source Code. Except to the\par
     extent prohibited by statute or regulation, such description must be\par
     sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill to be able to\par
     understand it.\par
\par
5. Application of this License.\par
\par
     This License applies to code to which the Initial Developer has\par
     attached the notice in Exhibit A and to related Covered Code.\par
\par
6. Versions of the License.\par
\par
     6.1. New Versions.\par
     Netscape Communications Corporation ("Netscape") may publish revised\par
     and/or new versions of the License from time to time. Each version\par
     will be given a distinguishing version number.\par
\par
     6.2. Effect of New Versions.\par
     Once Covered Code has been published under a particular version of the\par
     License, You may always continue to use it under the terms of that\par
     version. You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms\par
     of any subsequent version of the License published by Netscape. No one\par
     other than Netscape has the right to modify the terms applicable to\par
     Covered Code created under this License.\par
\par
     6.3. Derivative Works.\par
     If You create or use a modified version of this License (which you may\par
     only do in order to apply it to code which is not already Covered Code\par
     governed by this License), You must (a) rename Your license so that\par
     the phrases "Mozilla", "MOZILLAPL", "MOZPL", "Netscape",\par
     "MPL", "NPL" or any confusingly similar phrase do not appear in your\par
     license (except to note that your license differs from this License)\par
     and (b) otherwise make it clear that Your version of the license\par
     contains terms which differ from the Mozilla Public License and\par
     Netscape Public License. (Filling in the name of the Initial\par
     Developer, Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in\par
     Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of\par
     this License.)\par
\par
7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.\par
\par
     COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED UNDER THIS LICENSE ON AN "AS IS" BASIS,\par
     WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,\par
     WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE COVERED CODE IS FREE OF\par
     DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING.\par
     THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE\par
     IS WITH YOU. SHOULD ANY COVERED CODE PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT,\par
     YOU (NOT THE INITIAL DEVELOPER OR ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR) ASSUME THE\par
     COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER\par
     OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF\par
     ANY COVERED CODE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.\par
\par
8. TERMINATION.\par
\par
     8.1.  This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate\par
     automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure\par
     such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All\par
     sublicenses to the Covered Code which are properly granted shall\par
     survive any termination of this License. Provisions which, by their\par
     nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License\par
     shall survive.\par
\par
     8.2.  If You initiate litigation by asserting a patent infringement\par
     claim (excluding declatory judgment actions) against Initial Developer\par
     or a Contributor (the Initial Developer or Contributor against whom\par
     You file such action is referred to as "Participant")  alleging that:\par
\par
     (a)  such Participant's Contributor Version directly or indirectly\par
     infringes any patent, then any and all rights granted by such\par
     Participant to You under Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 of this License\par
     shall, upon 60 days notice from Participant terminate prospectively,\par
     unless if within 60 days after receipt of notice You either: (i)\par
     agree in writing to pay Participant a mutually agreeable reasonable\par
     royalty for Your past and future use of Modifications made by such\par
     Participant, or (ii) withdraw Your litigation claim with respect to\par
     the Contributor Version against such Participant.  If within 60 days\par
     of notice, a reasonable royalty and payment arrangement are not\par
     mutually agreed upon in writing by the parties or the litigation claim\par
     is not withdrawn, the rights granted by Participant to You under\par
     Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 automatically terminate at the expiration of\par
     the 60 day notice period specified above.\par
\par
     (b)  any software, hardware, or device, other than such Participant's\par
     Contributor Version, directly or indirectly infringes any patent, then\par
     any rights granted to You by such Participant under Sections 2.1(b)\par
     and 2.2(b) are revoked effective as of the date You first made, used,\par
     sold, distributed, or had made, Modifications made by that\par
     Participant.\par
\par
     8.3.  If You assert a patent infringement claim against Participant\par
     alleging that such Participant's Contributor Version directly or\par
     indirectly infringes any patent where such claim is resolved (such as\par
     by license or settlement) prior to the initiation of patent\par
     infringement litigation, then the reasonable value of the licenses\par
     granted by such Participant under Sections 2.1 or 2.2 shall be taken\par
     into account in determining the amount or value of any payment or\par
     license.\par
\par
     8.4.  In the event of termination under Sections 8.1 or 8.2 above,\par
     all end user license agreements (excluding distributors and resellers)\par
     which have been validly granted by You or any distributor hereunder\par
     prior to termination shall survive termination.\par
\par
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.\par
\par
     UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER TORT\par
     (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL YOU, THE INITIAL\par
     DEVELOPER, ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY DISTRIBUTOR OF COVERED CODE,\par
     OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES, BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR\par
     ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY\par
     CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL,\par
     WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER\par
     COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN\par
     INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF\par
     LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY\par
     RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW\par
     PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE\par
     EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO\par
     THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.\par
\par
10. U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS.\par
\par
     The Covered Code is a "commercial item," as that term is defined in\par
     48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of "commercial computer\par
     software" and "commercial computer software documentation," as such\par
     terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48\par
     C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995),\par
     all U.S. Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only those\par
     rights set forth herein.\par
\par
11. MISCELLANEOUS.\par
\par
     This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject\par
     matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be\par
     unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent\par
     necessary to make it enforceable. This License shall be governed by\par
     California law provisions (except to the extent applicable law, if\par
     any, provides otherwise), excluding its conflict-of-law provisions.\par
     With respect to disputes in which at least one party is a citizen of,\par
     or an entity chartered or registered to do business in the United\par
     States of America, any litigation relating to this License shall be\par
     subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the Northern\par
     District of California, with venue lying in Santa Clara County,\par
     California, with the losing party responsible for costs, including\par
     without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and\par
     expenses. The application of the United Nations Convention on\par
     Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.\par
     Any law or regulation which provides that the language of a contract\par
     shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this\par
     License.\par
\par
12. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS.\par
\par
     As between Initial Developer and the Contributors, each party is\par
     responsible for claims and damages arising, directly or indirectly,\par
     out of its utilization of rights under this License and You agree to\par
     work with Initial Developer and Contributors to distribute such\par
     responsibility on an equitable basis. Nothing herein is intended or\par
     shall be deemed to constitute any admission of liability.\par
\par
13. MULTIPLE-LICENSED CODE.\par
\par
     Initial Developer may designate portions of the Covered Code as\par
     "Multiple-Licensed".  "Multiple-Licensed" means that the Initial\par
     Developer permits you to utilize portions of the Covered Code under\par
     Your choice of the NPL or the alternative licenses, if any, specified\par
     by the Initial Developer in the file described in Exhibit A.\par
\par
EXHIBIT A - Mozilla Public License.\par
\par
     ``The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License\par
     Version 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in\par
     compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
     http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/\par
\par
     Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS"\par
     basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the\par
     License for the specific language governing rights and limitations\par
     under the License.\par
\par
     The Original Code is ______________________________________.\par
\par
     The Initial Developer of the Original Code is ________________________.\par
     Portions created by ______________________ are Copyright (C) ______\par
     _______________________. All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
     Contributor(s): ______________________________________.\par
\par
     Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms\par
     of the _____ license (the  "[___] License"), in which case the\par
     provisions of [______] License are applicable instead of those\par
     above.  If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only\par
     under the terms of the [____] License and not to allow others to use\par
     your version of this file under the MPL, indicate your decision by\par
     deleting  the provisions above and replace  them with the notice and\par
     other provisions required by the [___] License.  If you do not delete\par
     the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file\par
     under either the MPL or the [___] License."\par
\par
     [NOTE: The text of this Exhibit A may differ slightly from the text of\par
     the notices in the Source Code files of the Original Code. You should\par
     use the text of this Exhibit A rather than the text found in the\par
     Original Code Source Code for Your Modifications.]\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to SAX 2.0.1, which is included \par
with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
 SAX is free!\par
\par
 In fact, it's not possible to own a license to SAX, since it's been placed in\par
 the public domain.\par
\par
 No Warranty\par
\par
 Because SAX is released to the public domain, there is no warranty for the\par
 design or for the software implementation, to the extent permitted by\par
 applicable law. Except when otherwise stated in writing the copyright holders\par
 and/or other parties provide SAX "as is" without warranty of any kind, either\par
 expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties\par
 of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The entire risk as\par
 to the quality and performance of SAX is with you. Should SAX prove\par
 defective, you assume the cost of all necessary servicing, repair or\par
 correction.\par
\par
 In no event unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing will\par
 any copyright holder, or any other party who may modify and/or redistribute\par
 SAX, be liable to you for damages, including any general, special, incidental\par
 or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use SAX\par
 (including but not limited to loss of data or data being rendered inaccurate\par
 or losses sustained by you or third parties or a failure of the SAX to\par
 operate with any other programs), even if such holder or other party has been\par
 advised of the possibility of such damages.\par
\par
 Copyright Disclaimers \par
\par
 This page includes statements to that effect by David Megginson, who would\par
 have been able to claim copyright for the original work.  SAX 1.0\par
\par
 Version 1.0 of the Simple API for XML (SAX), created collectively by the\par
 membership of the XML-DEV mailing list, is hereby released into the public\par
 domain.\par
\par
 No one owns SAX: you may use it freely in both commercial and non-commercial\par
 applications, bundle it with your software distribution, include it on a\par
 CD-ROM, list the source code in a book, mirror the documentation at your own\par
 web site, or use it in any other way you see fit.\par
\par
 David Megginson, sax@megginson.com\par
 1998-05-11\par
\par
 SAX 2.0 \par
\par
 I hereby abandon any property rights to SAX 2.0 (the Simple API for XML), and\par
 release all of the SAX 2.0 source code, compiled code, and documentation\par
 contained in this distribution into the Public Domain. SAX comes with NO\par
 WARRANTY or guarantee of fitness for any purpose.\par
\par
 David Megginson, david@megginson.com\par
 2000-05-05\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to SoftFloat version 2b, which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7 on Linux/ARM.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below:\par
\par
SoftFloat was written by me, John R. Hauser. This work was made possible in \par
part by the International Computer Science Institute, located at Suite 600, \par
1947 Center Street, Berkeley, California 94704. Funding was partially \par
provided by the National Science Foundation under grant MIP-9311980. The \par
original version of this code was written as part of a project to build \par
a fixed-point vector processor in collaboration with the University of \par
California at Berkeley, overseen by Profs. Nelson Morgan and John Wawrzynek. \par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS DISTRIBUTED AS IS, FOR FREE. Although reasonable effort \par
has been made to avoid it, THIS SOFTWARE MAY CONTAIN FAULTS THAT WILL AT \par
TIMES RESULT IN INCORRECT BEHAVIOR. USE OF THIS SOFTWARE IS RESTRICTED TO \par
PERSONS AND ORGANIZATIONS WHO CAN AND WILL TAKE FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL \par
LOSSES, COSTS, OR OTHER PROBLEMS THEY INCUR DUE TO THE SOFTWARE, AND WHO \par
FURTHERMORE EFFECTIVELY INDEMNIFY JOHN HAUSER AND THE INTERNATIONAL COMPUTER \par
SCIENCE INSTITUTE (possibly via similar legal warning) AGAINST ALL LOSSES, \par
COSTS, OR OTHER PROBLEMS INCURRED BY THEIR CUSTOMERS AND CLIENTS DUE TO THE \par
SOFTWARE. \par
\par
Derivative works are acceptable, even for commercial purposes, provided \par
that the minimal documentation requirements stated in the source code are \par
satisfied. \par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% Portions licensed from Taligent, Inc.\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Thai Dictionary, which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1982 The Royal Institute, Thai Royal Government.\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998 National Electronics and Computer Technology Center,\par
National Science and Technology Development Agency,\par
Ministry of Science Technology and Environment,\par
Thai Royal Government.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all\par
copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Unicode 6.0.0, CLDR v1.4.1, & CLDR\par
v1.9, which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Unicode Terms of Use\par
\par
For the general privacy policy governing access to this site, see the Unicode\par
Privacy Policy. For trademark usage, see the Unicode \u174R Consortium Name and\par
Trademark Usage Policy.\par
\par
A. Unicode Copyright.\par
   1. Copyright \u169C 1991-2011 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
   2. Certain documents and files on this website contain a legend indicating\par
      that "Modification is permitted." Any person is hereby authorized,\par
      without fee, to modify such documents and files to create derivative\par
      works conforming to the Unicode \u174R Standard, subject to Terms and\par
      Conditions herein.\par
\par
    3. Any person is hereby authorized, without fee, to view, use, reproduce,\par
       and distribute all documents and files solely for informational\par
       purposes in the creation of products supporting the Unicode Standard,\par
       subject to the Terms and Conditions herein.\par
\par
    4. Further specifications of rights and restrictions pertaining to the use\par
       of the particular set of data files known as the "Unicode Character\par
       Database" can be found in Exhibit 1.\par
\par
    5. Each version of the Unicode Standard has further specifications of\par
       rights and restrictions of use. For the book editions (Unicode 5.0 and\par
       earlier), these are found on the back of the title page. The online\par
       code charts carry specific restrictions. All other files, including\par
       online documentation of the core specification for Unicode 6.0 and\par
       later, are covered under these general Terms of Use.\par
\par
    6. No license is granted to "mirror" the Unicode website where a fee is\par
       charged for access to the "mirror" site.\par
\par
    7. Modification is not permitted with respect to this document. All copies\par
       of this document must be verbatim.\par
\par
B. Restricted Rights Legend. Any technical data or software which is licensed\par
   to the United States of America, its agencies and/or instrumentalities\par
   under this Agreement is commercial technical data or commercial computer\par
   software developed exclusively at private expense as defined in FAR 2.101,\par
   or DFARS 252.227-7014 (June 1995), as applicable. For technical data, use,\par
   duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as\par
   set forth in DFARS 202.227-7015 Technical Data, Commercial and Items (Nov\par
   1995) and this Agreement. For Software, in accordance with FAR 12-212 or\par
   DFARS 227-7202, as applicable, use, duplication or disclosure by the\par
   Government is subject to the restrictions set forth in this Agreement.\par
\par
C. Warranties and Disclaimers.\par
   1. This publication and/or website may include technical or typographical\par
      errors or other inaccuracies . Changes are periodically added to the\par
      information herein; these changes will be incorporated in new editions\par
      of the publication and/or website. Unicode may make improvements and/or\par
      changes in the product(s) and/or program(s) described in this\par
      publication and/or website at any time.\par
\par
    2. If this file has been purchased on magnetic or optical media from\par
       Unicode, Inc. the sole and exclusive remedy for any claim will be\par
       exchange of the defective media within ninety (90) days of original\par
       purchase.\par
\par
    3. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION C.2, THIS PUBLICATION AND/OR SOFTWARE IS\par
       PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED,\par
       OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF\par
       MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.\par
       UNICODE AND ITS LICENSORS ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ERRORS OR\par
       OMISSIONS IN THIS PUBLICATION AND/OR SOFTWARE OR OTHER DOCUMENTS WHICH\par
       ARE REFERENCED BY OR LINKED TO THIS PUBLICATION OR THE UNICODE WEBSITE.\par
\par
D. Waiver of Damages. In no event shall Unicode or its licensors be liable for\par
   any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or\par
   any damages whatsoever, whether or not Unicode was advised of the\par
   possibility of the damage, including, without limitation, those resulting\par
   from the following: loss of use, data or profits, in connection with the\par
   use, modification or distribution of this information or its derivatives.\par
\par
E.Trademarks & Logos.\par
   1. The Unicode Word Mark and the Unicode Logo are trademarks of Unicode,\par
      Inc.  "The Unicode Consortium" and "Unicode, Inc." are trade names of\par
      Unicode, Inc.  Use of the information and materials found on this\par
      website indicates your acknowledgement of Unicode, Inc.'s exclusive\par
      worldwide rights in the Unicode Word Mark, the Unicode Logo, and the\par
      Unicode trade names.\par
\par
   2. The Unicode Consortium Name and Trademark Usage Policy ("Trademark\par
      Policy") are incorporated herein by reference and you agree to abide by\par
      the provisions of the Trademark Policy, which may be changed from time\par
      to time in the sole discretion of Unicode, Inc.\par
\par
   3. All third party trademarks referenced herein are the property of their\par
      respective owners.\par
\par
Miscellaneous.\par
   1. Jurisdiction and Venue. This server is operated from a location in the\par
      State of California, United States of America. Unicode makes no\par
      representation that the materials are appropriate for use in other\par
      locations. If you access this server from other locations, you are\par
      responsible for compliance with local laws. This Agreement, all use of\par
      this site and any claims and damages resulting from use of this site are\par
      governed solely by the laws of the State of California without regard to\par
      any principles which would apply the laws of a different jurisdiction.\par
      The user agrees that any disputes regarding this site shall be resolved\par
      solely in the courts located in Santa Clara County, California. The user\par
      agrees said courts have personal jurisdiction and agree to waive any\par
      right to transfer the dispute to any other forum.\par
\par
   2. Modification by Unicode.  Unicode shall have the right to modify this\par
      Agreement at any time by posting it to this site. The user may not\par
      assign any part of this Agreement without Unicode's prior written\par
      consent.\par
\par
   3. Taxes. The user agrees to pay any taxes arising from access to this\par
      website or use of the information herein, except for those based on\par
      Unicode's net income.\par
\par
   4. Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is declared invalid or\par
      unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain\par
      in effect.\par
\par
   5. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement\par
      between the parties.\par
\par
EXHIBIT 1\par
UNICODE, INC. LICENSE AGREEMENT - DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE\par
\par
Unicode Data Files include all data files under the directories\par
http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/, and\par
http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/. Unicode Data Files do not include PDF\par
online code charts under the directory http://www.unicode.org/Public/.\par
Software includes any source code published in the Unicode Standard or under\par
the directories http://www.unicode.org/Public/,\par
http://www.unicode.org/reports/, and http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/.\par
\par
NOTICE TO USER: Carefully read the following legal agreement. BY DOWNLOADING,\par
INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING UNICODE INC.'S DATA FILES ("DATA\par
FILES"), AND/OR SOFTWARE ("SOFTWARE"), YOU UNEQUIVOCALLY ACCEPT, AND AGREE TO\par
BE BOUND BY, ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT\par
AGREE, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY, DISTRIBUTE OR USE THE DATA FILES OR\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE\par
\par
Copyright \u169C 1991-2011 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved. Distributed under the\par
Terms of Use in http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of the Unicode data files and any associated documentation (the "Data Files")\par
or Unicode software and any associated documentation (the "Software") to deal\par
in the Data Files or Software without restriction, including without\par
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or\par
sell copies of the Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the\par
Data Files or Software are furnished to do so, provided that (a) the above\par
copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear with all copies of the\par
Data Files or Software, (b) both the above copyright notice(s) and this\par
permission notice appear in associated documentation, and (c) there is clear\par
notice in each modified Data File or in the Software as well as in the\par
documentation associated with the Data File(s) or Software that the data or\par
software has been modified.\par
\par
THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY\par
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD\par
PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN\par
THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR\par
PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS\par
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE\par
DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not\par
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings\par
in these Data Files or Software without prior written authorization of the\par
copyright holder.\par
\par
Unicode and the Unicode logo are trademarks of Unicode, Inc. in the United\par
States and other countries. All third party trademarks referenced herein are\par
the property of their respective owners.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to UPX v3.01, which is included \par
with JRE 7 on Windows.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below:\par
\par
\par
                 ooooo     ooo ooooooooo.   ooooooo  ooooo\par
                 `888'     `8' `888   `Y88.  `8888    d8'\par
                  888       8   888   .d88'    Y888..8P\par
                  888       8   888ooo88P'      `8888'\par
                  888       8   888            .8PY888.\par
                  `88.    .8'   888           d8'  `888b\par
                    `YbodP'    o888o        o888o  o88888o\par
\par
\par
                    The Ultimate Packer for eXecutables\par
          Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Markus Oberhumer & Laszlo Molnar\par
               http://wildsau.idv.uni-linz.ac.at/mfx/upx.html\par
                          http://www.nexus.hu/upx\par
                            http://upx.tsx.org\par
\par
\par
PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT, ESPECIALLY IF YOU PLAN\par
TO MODIFY THE UPX SOURCE CODE OR USE A MODIFIED UPX VERSION.\par
\par
\par
ABSTRACT\par
========\par
\par
   UPX and UCL are copyrighted software distributed under the terms\par
   of the GNU General Public License (hereinafter the "GPL").\par
\par
   The stub which is imbedded in each UPX compressed program is part\par
   of UPX and UCL, and contains code that is under our copyright. The\par
   terms of the GNU General Public License still apply as compressing\par
   a program is a special form of linking with our stub.\par
\par
   As a special exception we grant the free usage of UPX for all\par
   executables, including commercial programs.\par
   See below for details and restrictions.\par
\par
\par
COPYRIGHT\par
=========\par
\par
   UPX and UCL are copyrighted software. All rights remain with the authors.\par
\par
   UPX is Copyright (C) 1996-2000 Markus Franz Xaver Johannes Oberhumer\par
   UPX is Copyright (C) 1996-2000 Laszlo Molnar\par
\par
   UCL is Copyright (C) 1996-2000 Markus Franz Xaver Johannes Oberhumer\par
\par
\par
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
==========================\par
\par
   UPX and the UCL library are free software; you can redistribute them\par
   and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU General Public License as\par
   published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of\par
   the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
   UPX and UCL are distributed in the hope that they will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
   along with this program; see the file COPYING.\par
\par
\par
SPECIAL EXCEPTION FOR COMPRESSED EXECUTABLES\par
============================================\par
\par
   The stub which is imbedded in each UPX compressed program is part\par
   of UPX and UCL, and contains code that is under our copyright. The\par
   terms of the GNU General Public License still apply as compressing\par
   a program is a special form of linking with our stub.\par
\par
   Hereby Markus F.X.J. Oberhumer and Laszlo Molnar grant you special\par
   permission to freely use and distribute all UPX compressed programs\par
   (including commercial ones), subject to the following restrictions:\par
\par
   1. You must compress your program with a completely unmodified UPX\par
      version; either with our precompiled version, or (at your option)\par
      with a self compiled version of the unmodified UPX sources as\par
      distributed by us.\par
   2. This also implies that the UPX stub must be completely unmodfied, i.e.\par
      the stub imbedded in your compressed program must be byte-identical\par
      to the stub that is produced by the official unmodified UPX version.\par
   3. The decompressor and any other code from the stub must exclusively get\par
      used by the unmodified UPX stub for decompressing your program at\par
      program startup. No portion of the stub may get read, copied,\par
      called or otherwise get used or accessed by your program.\par
\par
\par
ANNOTATIONS\par
===========\par
\par
  - You can use a modified UPX version or modified UPX stub only for\par
    programs that are compatible with the GNU General Public License.\par
\par
  - We grant you special permission to freely use and distribute all UPX\par
    compressed programs. But any modification of the UPX stub (such as,\par
    but not limited to, removing our copyright string or making your\par
    program non-decompressible) will immediately revoke your right to\par
    use and distribute a UPX compressed program.\par
\par
  - UPX is not a software protection tool; by requiring that you use\par
    the unmodified UPX version for your proprietary programs we\par
    make sure that any user can decompress your program. This protects\par
    both you and your users as nobody can hide malicious code -\par
    any program that cannot be decompressed is highly suspicious\par
    by definition.\par
\par
  - You can integrate all or part of UPX and UCL into projects that\par
    are compatible with the GNU GPL, but obviously you cannot grant\par
    any special exceptions beyond the GPL for our code in your project.\par
\par
  - We want to actively support manufacturers of virus scanners and\par
    similar security software. Please contact us if you would like to\par
    incorporate parts of UPX or UCL into such a product.\par
\par
\par
\par
Markus F.X.J. Oberhumer                   Laszlo Molnar\par
markus.oberhumer@jk.uni-linz.ac.at        ml1050@cdata.tvnet.hu\par
\par
Linz, Austria, 25 Feb 2000\par
\par
Additional License(s)\par
\par
The UPX license file is at http://upx.sourceforge.net/upx-license.html.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Xfree86-VidMode Extension 1.0,\par
which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7 on Linux and Solaris.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Version 1.1 of XFree86 ProjectLicence.\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1994-2004 The XFree86 Project, Inc.    All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of\par
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicence, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished\par
to do so,subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice,this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution, and in the same place\par
   and form as other copyright, license and disclaimer information.\par
\par
   3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any,must\par
   include the following acknowledgment: "This product includes\par
   software developed by The XFree86 Project, Inc (http://www.xfree86.org/) and\par
   its contributors", in the same place and form as other third-party\par
   acknowledgments. Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software\par
   itself, in the same form and location as other such third-party\par
   acknowledgments.\par
\par
    4. Except as contained in this notice, the name of The XFree86 Project,Inc\par
    shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use\par
    or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from\par
    The XFree86 Project, Inc.\par
\par
    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
    WARRANTIES,INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
    MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO\par
    EVENT SHALL THE XFREE86 PROJECT, INC OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
    DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
    (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
    SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
    CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
    LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
    OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH\par
    DAMAGE.  \par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to X Window System 6.8.2, which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7 on Linux and Solaris.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
          Licenses\par
The X.Org Foundation March 2004\par
\par
1. Introduction\par
\par
The X.org Foundation X Window System distribution is a compilation of code and\par
documentation from many sources. This document is intended primarily as a\par
guide to the licenses used in the distribution: you must check each file\par
and/or package for precise redistribution terms. None-the-less, this summary\par
may be useful to many users. No software incorporating the XFree86 1.1 license\par
has been incorporated.\par
\par
This document is based on the compilation from XFree86.\par
\par
2. XFree86 License\par
\par
XFree86 code without an explicit copyright is covered by the following\par
copyright/license:\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1994-2003 The XFree86 Project, Inc. All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all\par
copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
XFREE86 PROJECT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER\par
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN\par
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of the XFree86 Project shall not\par
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings\par
in this Software without prior written authorization from the XFree86 Project.\par
\par
3. Other Licenses\par
\par
Portions of code are covered by the following licenses/copyrights. See\par
individual files for the copyright dates.\par
\par
3.1. X/MIT Copyrights\par
\par
3.1.1. X Consortium\par
\par
Copyright (C) <date> X Consortium\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all\par
copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE X\par
CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN\par
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION\par
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall not be\par
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in\par
this Software without prior written authorization from the X Consortium.\par
\par
X Window System is a trademark of X Consortium, Inc.\par
\par
3.1.2. The Open Group\par
\par
Copyright <date> The Open Group\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its\par
documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the\par
above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright\par
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all\par
copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
OPEN GROUP BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN\par
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION\par
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of The Open Group shall not be\par
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in\par
this Software without prior written authorization from The Open Group.  3.2.\par
Berkeley-based copyrights:\par
\par
o\par
3.2.1. General\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
   3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO\par
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR\par
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER\par
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  3.2.2. UCB/LBL\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993 The Regents of the University of California. All rights\par
reserved.\par
\par
This software was developed by the Computer Systems Engineering group at\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory under DARPA contract BG 91-66 and contributed to\par
Berkeley.\par
\par
All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must\par
display the following acknowledgement: This product includes software\par
developed by the University of California, Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
   3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
   must display the following acknowledgement: This product includes software\par
   developed by the University of California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
\par
   4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors may\par
   be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
   specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON\par
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  3.2.3. The\par
NetBSD Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2003 The NetBSD Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
This code is derived from software contributed to The NetBSD Foundation by Ben\par
Collver <collver1@attbi.com>\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
   3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
   must display the following acknowledgement: This product includes software\par
   developed by the NetBSD Foundation, Inc. and its contributors.\par
\par
   4. Neither the name of The NetBSD Foundation nor the names of its\par
   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
   software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE NETBSD FOUNDATION, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS\par
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE FOUNDATION OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON\par
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  3.2.4. Theodore\par
Ts'o.\par
\par
Copyright Theodore Ts'o, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999. All rights\par
reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
   and the entire permission notice in its entirety, including the disclaimer\par
   of warranties.\par
\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
   3. he name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ALL OF WHICH ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED. IN NO\par
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR\par
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER\par
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF NOT ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  3.2.5. Theo de Raadt and Damien Miller\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995,1999 Theo de Raadt. All rights reserved. Copyright (c)\par
2001-2002 Damien Miller. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO\par
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR\par
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER\par
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  3.2.6. Todd C. Miller\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998 Todd C. Miller <Todd.Miller@courtesan.com>\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose\par
with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright\par
notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND TODD C. MILLER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES\par
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL TODD C. MILLER BE LIABLE FOR\par
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES\par
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION\par
OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN\par
CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.  3.2.7. Thomas\par
Winischhofer\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2001-2004 Thomas Winischhofer\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
   3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO\par
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR\par
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER\par
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  3.3. NVIDIA Corp\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996 NVIDIA, Corp. All rights reserved.\par
\par
NOTICE TO USER: The source code is copyrighted under U.S. and international\par
laws. NVIDIA, Corp. of Sunnyvale, California owns the copyright and as design\par
patents pending on the design and interface of the NV chips. Users and\par
possessors of this source code are hereby granted a nonexclusive, royalty-free\par
copyright and design patent license to use this code in individual and\par
commercial software.\par
\par
Any use of this source code must include, in the user documentation and\par
internal comments to the code, notices to the end user as follows:\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996 NVIDIA, Corp. NVIDIA design patents pending in the U.S. and\par
foreign countries.\par
\par
NVIDIA, CORP. MAKES NO REPRESENTATION ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THIS SOURCE\par
CODE FOR ANY PURPOSE. IT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. NVIDIA, CORP. DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO\par
THIS SOURCE CODE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA, CORP. BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY\par
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN\par
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN\par
CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOURCE CODE.  3.4. GLX Public\par
License\par
\par
GLX PUBLIC LICENSE (Version 1.0 (2/11/99)) ("License")\par
\par
Subject to any third party claims, Silicon Graphics, Inc. ("SGI") hereby\par
grants permission to Recipient (defined below), under Recipient's copyrights\par
in the Original Software (defined below), to use, copy, modify, merge,\par
publish, distribute, sublicense and/or sell copies of Subject Software\par
(defined below), and to permit persons to whom the Subject Software is\par
furnished in accordance with this License to do the same, subject to all of\par
the following terms and conditions, which Recipient accepts by engaging in any\par
such use, copying, modifying, merging, publishing, distributing, sublicensing\par
or selling:\par
\par
1. Definitions.\par
\par
    (a) "Original Software" means source code of computer software code which\par
    is described in Exhibit A as Original Software.\par
\par
    (b) "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion from the substance\par
    or structure of either the Original Software or any previous\par
    Modifications. When Subject Software is released as a series of files, a\par
    Modification means (i) any addition to or deletion from the contents of a\par
    file containing Original Software or previous Modifications and (ii) any\par
    new file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous\par
    Modifications.\par
\par
    (c) "Subject Software" means the Original Software or Modifications or the\par
    combination of the Original Software and Modifications, or portions of any\par
    of the foregoing.\par
\par
    (d) "Recipient" means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights\par
    under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License. For legal\par
    entities, "Recipient" includes any entity which controls, is controlled\par
    by, or is under common control with Recipient. For purposes of this\par
    definition, "control" of an entity means (a) the power, direct or\par
    indirect, to direct or manage such entity, or (b) ownership of fifty\par
    percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of\par
    such entity.\par
\par
2. Redistribution of Source Code Subject to These Terms. Redistributions of\par
Subject Software in source code form must retain the notice set forth in\par
Exhibit A, below, in every file. A copy of this License must be included in\par
any documentation for such Subject Software where the recipients' rights\par
relating to Subject Software are described. Recipient may distribute the\par
source code version of Subject Software under a license of Recipient's choice,\par
which may contain terms different from this License, provided that (i)\par
Recipient is in compliance with the terms of this License, and (ii) the\par
license terms include this Section 2 and Sections 3, 4, 7, 8, 10, 12 and 13 of\par
this License, which terms may not be modified or superseded by any other terms\par
of such license. If Recipient distributes the source code version under a\par
different license Recipient must make it absolutely clear that any terms which\par
differ from this License are offered by Recipient alone, not by SGI. Recipient\par
hereby agrees to indemnify SGI for any liability incurred by SGI as a result\par
of any such terms Recipient offers.\par
\par
3. Redistribution in Executable Form. The notice set forth in Exhibit A must\par
be conspicuously included in any notice in an executable version of Subject\par
Software, related documentation or collateral in which Recipient describes the\par
user's rights relating to the Subject Software. Recipient may distribute the\par
executable version of Subject Software under a license of Recipient's choice,\par
which may contain terms different from this License, provided that (i)\par
Recipient is in compliance with the terms of this License, and (ii) the\par
license terms include this Section 3 and Sections 4, 7, 8, 10, 12 and 13 of\par
this License, which terms may not be modified or superseded by any other terms\par
of such license. If Recipient distributes the executable version under a\par
different license Recipient must make it absolutely clear that any terms which\par
differ from this License are offered by Recipient alone, not by SGI. Recipient\par
hereby agrees to indemnify SGI for any liability incurred by SGI as a result\par
of any such terms Recipient offers.\par
\par
4. Termination. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate\par
automatically if Recipient fails to comply with terms herein and fails to cure\par
such breach within 30 days of the breach. Any sublicense to the Subject\par
Software which is properly granted shall survive any termination of this\par
License absent termination by the terms of such sublicense. Provisions which,\par
by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License\par
shall survive.\par
\par
5. No Trademark Rights. This License does not grant any rights to use any\par
trade name, trademark or service mark whatsoever. No trade name, trademark or\par
service mark of SGI may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
the Subject Software without prior written permission of SGI.\par
\par
6. No Other Rights. This License does not grant any rights with respect to the\par
OpenGL API or to any software or hardware implementation thereof or to any\par
other software whatsoever, nor shall any other rights or licenses not\par
expressly granted hereunder arise by implication, estoppel or otherwise with\par
respect to the Subject Software. Title to and ownership of the Original\par
Software at all times remains with SGI. All rights in the Original Software\par
not expressly granted under this License are reserved.\par
\par
7. Compliance with Laws; Non-Infringement. Recipient shall comply with all\par
applicable laws and regulations in connection with use and distribution of the\par
Subject Software, including but not limited to, all export and import control\par
laws and regulations of the U.S. government and other countries. Recipient may\par
not distribute Subject Software that (i) in any way infringes (directly or\par
contributorily) the rights (including patent, copyright, trade secret,\par
trademark or other intellectual property rights of any kind) of any other\par
person or entity or (ii) breaches any representation or warranty, express,\par
implied or statutory, which under any applicable law it might be deemed to\par
have been distributed.\par
\par
8. Claims of Infringement. If Recipient at any time has knowledge of any one\par
or more third party claims that reproduction, modification, use, distribution,\par
import or sale of Subject Software (including particular functionality or code\par
incorporated in Subject Software) infringes the third party's intellectual\par
property rights, Recipient must place in a well-identified web page bearing\par
the title "LEGAL" a description of each such claim and a description of the\par
party making each such claim in sufficient detail that a user of the Subject\par
Software will know whom to contact regarding the claim. Also, upon gaining\par
such knowledge of any such claim, Recipient must conspicuously include the URL\par
for such web page in the Exhibit A notice required under Sections 2 and 3,\par
above, and in the text of any related documentation, license agreement or\par
collateral in which Recipient describes end user's rights relating to the\par
Subject Software. If Recipient obtains such knowledge after it makes Subject\par
Software available to any other person or entity, Recipient shall take other\par
steps (such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups) reasonably\par
calculated to inform those who received the Subject Software that new\par
knowledge has been obtained.\par
\par
9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. SUBJECT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS,\par
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT\par
LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE SUBJECT SOFTWARE IS FREE OF DEFECTS,\par
MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON- INFRINGING. SGI ASSUMES NO\par
RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE. SHOULD ANY SOFTWARE\par
PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT, SGI ASSUMES NO COST OR LIABILITY FOR ANY\par
SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN\par
ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF ANY SUBJECT SOFTWARE IS AUTHORIZED\par
HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.\par
\par
10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY,\par
WHETHER TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY),\par
CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL SGI OR ANY SGI LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY\par
CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK\par
STOPPAGE, LOSS OF DATA, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER\par
COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF\par
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY\par
TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SGI's NEGLIGENCE TO\par
THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT\par
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO\par
THAT EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO RECIPIENT.\par
\par
11. Indemnity. Recipient shall be solely responsible for damages arising,\par
directly or indirectly, out of its utilization of rights under this License.\par
Recipient will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Silicon Graphics, Inc. from\par
and against any loss, liability, damages, costs or expenses (including the\par
payment of reasonable attorneys fees) arising out of Recipient's use,\par
modification, reproduction and distribution of the Subject Software or out of\par
any representation or warranty made by Recipient.\par
\par
12. U.S. Government End Users. The Subject Software is a "commercial item"\par
consisting of "commercial computer software" as such terms are defined in\par
title 48 of the Code of Federal Regulations and all U.S. Government End Users\par
acquire only the rights set forth in this License and are subject to the terms\par
of this License.\par
\par
13. Miscellaneous. This License represents the complete agreement concerning\par
subject matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be\par
unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed so as to achieve as nearly as\par
possible the same economic effect as the original provision and the remainder\par
of this License will remain in effect. This License shall be governed by and\par
construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of\par
California as applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely\par
within California between California residents. Any litigation relating to\par
this License shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal\par
Courts of the Northern District of California (or, absent subject matter\par
jurisdiction in such courts, the courts of the State of California), with\par
venue lying exclusively in Santa Clara County, California, with the losing\par
party responsible for costs, including without limitation, court costs and\par
reasonable attorneys fees and expenses. The application of the United Nations\par
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly\par
excluded. Any law or regulation which provides that the language of a contract\par
shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this License.\par
\par
Exhibit A\par
\par
The contents of this file are subject to Sections 2, 3, 4, 7, 8, 10, 12 and 13\par
of the GLX Public License Version 1.0 (the "License"). You may not use this\par
file except in compliance with those sections of the License. You may obtain a\par
copy of the License at Silicon Graphics, Inc., attn: Legal Services, 2011 N.\par
Shoreline Blvd., Mountain View, CA 94043 or at\par
http://www.sgi.com/software/opensource/glx/license.html.\par
\par
Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis. ALL\par
WARRANTIES ARE DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR OF NON-\par
INFRINGEMENT. See the License for the specific language governing rights and\par
limitations under the License.\par
\par
The Original Software is GLX version 1.2 source code, released February, 1999.\par
The developer of the Original Software is Silicon Graphics, Inc. Those\par
portions of the Subject Software created by Silicon Graphics, Inc. are\par
Copyright (c) 1991-9 Silicon Graphics, Inc. All Rights Reserved.  3.5. CID\par
Font Code Public License\par
\par
CID FONT CODE PUBLIC LICENSE (Version 1.0 (3/31/99))("License")\par
\par
Subject to any applicable third party claims, Silicon Graphics, Inc. ("SGI")\par
hereby grants permission to Recipient (defined below), under SGI's copyrights\par
in the Original Software (defined below), to use, copy, modify, merge,\par
publish, distribute, sublicense and/or sell copies of Subject Software\par
(defined below) in both source code and executable form, and to permit persons\par
to whom the Subject Software is furnished in accordance with this License to\par
do the same, subject to all of the following terms and conditions, which\par
Recipient accepts by engaging in any such use, copying, modifying, merging,\par
publication, distributing, sublicensing or selling:\par
\par
1. Definitions.\par
\par
    a. "Original Software" means source code of computer software code that is\par
    described in Exhibit A as Original Software.\par
\par
    b. "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion from the substance or\par
    structure of either the Original Software or any previous Modifications.\par
    When Subject Software is released as a series of files, a Modification\par
    means (i) any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file\par
    containing Original Software or previous Modifications and (ii) any new\par
    file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous\par
    Modifications.\par
\par
    c. "Subject Software" means the Original Software or Modifications or the\par
    combination of the Original Software and Modifications, or portions of any\par
    of the foregoing.\par
\par
    d. "Recipient" means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights\par
    under the terms of this License. For legal entities, "Recipient" includes\par
    any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control\par
    with Recipient. For purposes of this definition, "control" of an entity\par
    means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to direct or manage such entity,\par
    or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares\par
    or beneficial ownership of such entity.\par
\par
    e. "Required Notice" means the notice set forth in Exhibit A to this\par
    License.\par
\par
    f. "Accompanying Technology" means any software or other technology that\par
    is not a Modification and that is distributed or made publicly available\par
    by Recipient with the Subject Software. Separate software files that do\par
    not contain any Original Software or any previous Modification shall not\par
    be deemed a Modification, even if such software files are aggregated as\par
    part of a product, or in any medium of storage, with any file that does\par
    contain Original Software or any previous Modification.\par
\par
2. License Terms. All distribution of the Subject Software must be made\par
subject to the terms of this License. A copy of this License and the Required\par
Notice must be included in any documentation for Subject Software where\par
Recipient's rights relating to Subject Software and/or any Accompanying\par
Technology are described. Distributions of Subject Software in source code\par
form must also include the Required Notice in every file distributed. In\par
addition, a ReadMe file entitled "Important Legal Notice" must be distributed\par
with each distribution of one or more files that incorporate Subject Software.\par
That file must be included with distributions made in both source code and\par
executable form. A copy of the License and the Required Notice must be\par
included in that file. Recipient may distribute Accompanying Technology under\par
a license of Recipient's choice, which may contain terms different from this\par
License, provided that (i) Recipient is in compliance with the terms of this\par
License, (ii) such other license terms do not modify or supersede the terms of\par
this License as applicable to the Subject Software, (iii) Recipient hereby\par
indemnifies SGI for any liability incurred by SGI as a result of the\par
distribution of Accompanying Technology or the use of other license terms.\par
\par
3. Termination. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate\par
automatically if Recipient fails to comply with terms herein and fails to cure\par
such breach within 30 days of the breach. Any sublicense to the Subject\par
Software that is properly granted shall survive any termination of this\par
License absent termination by the terms of such sublicense. Provisions which,\par
by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License\par
shall survive.\par
\par
4. Trademark Rights. This License does not grant any rights to use any trade\par
name, trademark or service mark whatsoever. No trade name, trademark or\par
service mark of SGI may be used to endorse or promote products derived from or\par
incorporating any Subject Software without prior written permission of SGI.\par
\par
5. No Other Rights. No rights or licenses not expressly granted hereunder\par
shall arise by implication, estoppel or otherwise. Title to and ownership of\par
the Original Software at all times remains with SGI. All rights in the\par
Original Software not expressly granted under this License are reserved.\par
\par
6. Compliance with Laws; Non-Infringement. Recipient shall comply with all\par
applicable laws and regulations in connection with use and distribution of the\par
Subject Software, including but not limited to, all export and import control\par
laws and regulations of the U.S. government and other countries. Recipient may\par
not distribute Subject Software that (i) in any way infringes (directly or\par
contributorily) the rights (including patent, copyright, trade secret,\par
trademark or other intellectual property rights of any kind) of any other\par
person or entity, or (ii) breaches any representation or warranty, express,\par
implied or statutory, which under any applicable law it might be deemed to\par
have been distributed.\par
\par
7. Claims of Infringement. If Recipient at any time has knowledge of any one\par
or more third party claims that reproduction, modification, use, distribution,\par
import or sale of Subject Software (including particular functionality or code\par
incorporated in Subject Software) infringes the third party's intellectual\par
property rights, Recipient must place in a well-identified web page bearing\par
the title "LEGAL" a description of each such claim and a description of the\par
party making each such claim in sufficient detail that a user of the Subject\par
Software will know whom to contact regarding the claim. Also, upon gaining\par
such knowledge of any such claim, Recipient must conspicuously include the URL\par
for such web page in the Required Notice, and in the text of any related\par
documentation, license agreement or collateral in which Recipient describes\par
end user's rights relating to the Subject Software. If Recipient obtains such\par
knowledge after it makes Subject Software available to any other person or\par
entity, Recipient shall take other steps (such as notifying appropriate\par
mailing lists or newsgroups) reasonably calculated to provide such knowledge\par
to those who received the Subject Software.\par
\par
8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. SUBJECT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS,\par
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT\par
LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE SUBJECT SOFTWARE IS FREE OF DEFECTS,\par
MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. SGI ASSUMES NO\par
RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE. SHOULD ANY SOFTWARE\par
PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT, SGI ASSUMES NO COST OR LIABILITY FOR ANY\par
SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN\par
ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF ANY SUBJECT SOFTWARE IS AUTHORIZED\par
HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.\par
\par
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY,\par
WHETHER TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY),\par
CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL SGI OR ANY SGI LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,\par
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR\par
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT SOFTWARE OR\par
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SUBJECT SOFTWARE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT\par
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO THIS EXCLUSION AND\par
LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO RECIPIENT TO THE EXTENT SO DISALLOWED.\par
\par
10. Indemnity. Recipient shall be solely responsible for damages arising,\par
directly or indirectly, out of its utilization of rights under this License.\par
Recipient will defend, indemnify and hold SGI and its successors and assigns\par
harmless from and against any loss, liability, damages, costs or expenses\par
(including the payment of reasonable attorneys fees) arising out of\par
(Recipient's use, modification, reproduction and distribution of the Subject\par
Software or out of any representation or warranty made by Recipient.\par
\par
11. U.S. Government End Users. The Subject Software is a "commercial item"\par
consisting of "commercial computer software" as such terms are defined in\par
title 48 of the Code of Federal Regulations and all U.S. Government End Users\par
acquire only the rights set forth in this License and are subject to the terms\par
of this License.\par
\par
12. Miscellaneous. This License represents the complete agreement concerning\par
subject matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be\par
unenforceable by any judicial or administrative authority having proper\par
jurisdiction with respect thereto, such provision shall be reformed so as to\par
achieve as nearly as possible the same economic effect as the original\par
provision and the remainder of this License will remain in effect. This\par
License shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the\par
United States and the State of California as applied to agreements entered\par
into and to be performed entirely within California between California\par
residents. Any litigation relating to this License shall be subject to the\par
exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the Northern District of\par
California (or, absent subject matter jurisdiction in such courts, the courts\par
of the State of California), with venue lying exclusively in Santa Clara\par
County, California, with the losing party responsible for costs, including\par
without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and expenses.\par
The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the\par
International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. Any law or regulation that\par
provides that the language of a contract shall be construed against the\par
drafter shall not apply to this License.\par
\par
Exhibit A\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994-1999 Silicon Graphics, Inc.\par
\par
The contents of this file are subject to the CID Font Code Public License\par
Version 1.0 (the "License"). You may not use this file except in compliance\par
with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at Silicon Graphics,\par
Inc., attn: Legal Services, 2011 N. Shoreline Blvd., Mountain View, CA 94043\par
or at http://www.sgi.com/software/opensource/cid/license.html\par
\par
Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis. ALL\par
WARRANTIES ARE DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR OF\par
NON-INFRINGEMENT. See the License for the specific language governing rights\par
and limitations under the License.\par
\par
The Original Software (as defined in the License) is CID font code that was\par
developed by Silicon Graphics, Inc. Those portions of the Subject Software (as\par
defined in the License) that were created by Silicon Graphics, Inc. are\par
Copyright (c) 1994-1999 Silicon Graphics, Inc. All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
[NOTE: When using this text in connection with Subject Software delivered\par
solely in object code form, Recipient may replace the words "this file" with\par
"this software" in both the first and second sentences.] 3.6. Bitstream Vera\par
Fonts Copyright\par
\par
The fonts have a generous copyright, allowing derivative works (as long as\par
"Bitstream" or "Vera" are not in the names), and full redistribution (so long\par
as they are not *sold* by themselves). They can be be bundled, redistributed\par
and sold with any software.\par
\par
The fonts are distributed under the following copyright:\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2003 by Bitstream, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Bitstream Vera is a\par
trademark of Bitstream, Inc.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of the fonts accompanying this license ("Fonts") and associated documentation\par
files (the "Font Software"), to reproduce and distribute the Font Software,\par
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, merge, publish,\par
distribute, and/or sell copies of the Font Software, and to permit persons to\par
whom the Font Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following\par
conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright and trademark notices and this permission notice shall be\par
included in all copies of one or more of the Font Software typefaces.\par
\par
The Font Software may be modified, altered, or added to, and in particular the\par
designs of glyphs or characters in the Fonts may be modified and additional\par
glyphs or characters may be added to the Fonts, only if the fonts are renamed\par
to names not containing either the words "Bitstream" or the word "Vera".\par
\par
This License becomes null and void to the extent applicable to Fonts or Font\par
Software that has been modified and is distributed under the "Bitstream Vera"\par
names.\par
\par
The Font Software may be sold as part of a larger software package but no copy\par
of one or more of the Font Software typefaces may be sold by itself.\par
\par
THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT,\par
TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL BITSTREAM OR THE GNOME FOUNDATION\par
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL,\par
SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION\par
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO\par
USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the names of Gnome, the Gnome Foundation,\par
and Bitstream Inc., shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote\par
the sale, use or other dealings in this Font Software without prior written\par
authorization from the Gnome Foundation or Bitstream Inc., respectively. For\par
further information, contact: fonts at gnome dot org.  3.7. Bigelow & Holmes\par
Inc and URW++ GmbH Luxi font license\par
\par
Luxi fonts copyright (c) 2001 by Bigelow & Holmes Inc. Luxi font instruction\par
code copyright (c) 2001 by URW++ GmbH. All Rights Reserved. Luxi is a\par
registered trademark of Bigelow & Holmes Inc.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of these Fonts and associated documentation files (the "Font Software"), to\par
deal in the Font Software, including without limitation the rights to use,\par
copy, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Font\par
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Font Software is furnished to do\par
so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright and trademark notices and this permission notice shall be\par
included in all copies of one or more of the Font Software.\par
\par
The Font Software may not be modified, altered, or added to, and in particular\par
the designs of glyphs or characters in the Fonts may not be modified nor may\par
additional glyphs or characters be added to the Fonts. This License becomes\par
null and void when the Fonts or Font Software have been modified.\par
\par
THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT,\par
TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL BIGELOW & HOLMES INC. OR URW++\par
GMBH. BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, INCLUDING ANY\par
GENERAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER IN\par
AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR\par
INABILITY TO USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the names of Bigelow & Holmes Inc. and\par
URW++ GmbH. shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale,\par
use or other dealings in this Font Software without prior written\par
authorization from Bigelow & Holmes Inc. and URW++ GmbH.\par
\par
For further information, contact:\par
\par
info@urwpp.de or design@bigelowandholmes.com\par
\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to zlib v1.2.3, which is included \par
with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
  version 1.2.3, July 18th, 2005\par
\par
  Copyright (C) 1995-2005 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler\par
\par
  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied\par
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages\par
  arising from the use of this software.\par
\par
  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\par
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it\par
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
\par
  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not\par
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software\par
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be\par
     appreciated but is not required.\par
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
     misrepresented as being the original software.\par
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
\par
  Jean-loup Gailly        Mark Adler\par
  jloup@gzip.org          madler@alumni.caltech.edu\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to the following which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7, except where noted:\par
\par
  Apache Derby 10.8.1.2        [included with JDK 7 only]\par
  Apache Jakarta BCEL 5.2 \par
  Apache Jakarta Regexp 1.4 \par
  Apache Santuario XMLSec-Java 1.4.2\par
  Apache Xalan-Java 2.7.1 \par
  Apache Xerces2 Java 2.10.0 \par
  Apache XML Resolver 1.1 \par
\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
                                 Apache License\par
                           Version 2.0, January 2004\par
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/\par
\par
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION\par
\par
   1. Definitions.\par
\par
      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,\par
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.\par
\par
      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by\par
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.\par
\par
      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all\par
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common\par
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,\par
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the\par
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or\par
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the\par
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.\par
\par
      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity\par
      exercising permissions granted by this License.\par
\par
      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,\par
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation\par
      source, and configuration files.\par
\par
      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical\par
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but\par
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,\par
      and conversions to other media types.\par
\par
      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or\par
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a\par
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work\par
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).\par
\par
      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object\par
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the\par
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications\par
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes\par
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain\par
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,\par
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.\par
\par
      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including\par
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions\par
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally\par
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner\par
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of\par
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"\par
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent\par
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to\par
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,\par
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the\par
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but\par
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise\par
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."\par
\par
      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity\par
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and\par
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.\par
\par
   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of\par
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,\par
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable\par
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,\par
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the\par
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.\par
\par
   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of\par
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,\par
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable\par
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,\par
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,\par
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable\par
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their\par
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)\par
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You\par
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a\par
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work\par
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct\par
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses\par
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate\par
      as of the date such litigation is filed.\par
\par
   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the\par
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without\par
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You\par
      meet the following conditions:\par
\par
      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or\par
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and\par
\par
      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices\par
          stating that You changed the files; and\par
\par
      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works\par
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and\par
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,\par
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of\par
          the Derivative Works; and\par
\par
      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its\par
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must\par
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained\par
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not\par
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one\par
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed\par
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or\par
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,\par
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and\par
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents\par
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and\par
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution\par
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside\par
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided\par
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed\par
          as modifying the License.\par
\par
      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and\par
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions\par
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or\par
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,\par
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with\par
      the conditions stated in this License.\par
\par
   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,\par
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work\par
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of\par
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.\par
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify\par
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed\par
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.\par
\par
   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade\par
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,\par
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the\par
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.\par
\par
   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or\par
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each\par
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or\par
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions\par
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A\par
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the\par
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any\par
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.\par
\par
   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,\par
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,\par
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly\par
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be\par
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,\par
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a\par
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the\par
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,\par
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all\par
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor\par
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.\par
\par
   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing\par
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,\par
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,\par
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this\par
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only\par
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf\par
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,\par
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability\par
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason\par
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.\par
\par
   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.\par
\par
      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following\par
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"\par
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include\par
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate\par
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a\par
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the\par
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier\par
      identification within third-party archives.\par
\par
   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]\par
\par
   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
   You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
\par
       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
\par
   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
   limitations under the License.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Java JRE (AESL)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
%% The following software may be included in this product: CS CodeViewer v1.0; \par
Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below: \par
\par
Copyright 1999 by CoolServlets.com.\par
\par
Any errors or suggested improvements to this class can be reported as \par
instructed on CoolServlets.com. We hope you enjoy this program... \par
your comments will encourage further development!\par
\par
This software is distributed under the terms of the BSD License.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, \par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, \par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation \par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
Neither name of CoolServlets.com nor the names of its contributors may be \par
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without \par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY COOLSERVLETS.COM AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' \par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR \par
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS \par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) \par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT \par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY \par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF \par
SUCH DAMAGE."\par
\par
%% The following software may be included in this product: \par
Crimson v1.1.1 ; Use of any of this software is governed by the terms \par
of the license below: \par
\par
/*\par
* The Apache Software License, Version 1.1\par
*\par
*\par
* Copyright (c) 1999-2000 The Apache Software Foundation. All rights \par
* reserved.\par
*\par
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
* are met:\par
*\par
* 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
* notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
*\par
* 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
* notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
* the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
* distribution.\par
*\par
* 3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,\par
* if any, must include the following acknowledgment: \par
* "This product includes software developed by the\par
* Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."\par
* Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,\par
* if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.\par
*\par
* 4. The names "Crimson" and "Apache Software Foundation" must\par
* not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
* software without prior written permission. For written \par
* permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
*\par
* 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache",\par
* nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without prior written\par
* permission of the Apache Software Foundation.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
* WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
* DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR\par
* ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
* SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
* LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF\par
* USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND\par
* ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
* OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT\par
* OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
* SUCH DAMAGE.\par
* ====================================================================\par
*\par
* This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many\par
* individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation and was\par
* originally based on software copyright (c) 1999, International\par
* Business Machines, Inc., http://www.ibm.com. For more\par
* information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see\par
* <http://www.apache.org/>.\par
*/\par
\par
\par
%% The following software may be included in this product: Xalan J2; \par
Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below: \par
    \par
    \par
                                Apache License\par
                           Version 2.0, January 2004\par
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/\par
\par
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION\par
\par
   1. Definitions.\par
\par
      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,\par
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.\par
\par
      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by\par
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.\par
\par
      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all\par
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common\par
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,\par
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the\par
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or\par
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the\par
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.\par
\par
      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity\par
      exercising permissions granted by this License.\par
\par
      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,\par
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation\par
      source, and configuration files.\par
\par
      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical\par
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but\par
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,\par
      and conversions to other media types.\par
\par
      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or\par
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a\par
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work\par
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).\par
\par
      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object\par
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the\par
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications\par
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes\par
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain\par
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,\par
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.\par
\par
      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including\par
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions\par
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally\par
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner\par
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of\par
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"\par
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent\par
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to\par
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,\par
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the\par
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but\par
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise\par
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."\par
\par
      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity\par
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and\par
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.\par
\par
   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of\par
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,\par
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable\par
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,\par
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the\par
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.\par
\par
   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of\par
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,\par
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable\par
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,\par
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,\par
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable\par
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their\par
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)\par
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You\par
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a\par
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work\par
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct\par
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses\par
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate\par
      as of the date such litigation is filed.\par
\par
   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the\par
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without\par
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You\par
      meet the following conditions:\par
\par
      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or\par
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and\par
\par
      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices\par
          stating that You changed the files; and\par
\par
      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works\par
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and\par
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,\par
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of\par
          the Derivative Works; and\par
\par
      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its\par
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must\par
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained\par
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not\par
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one\par
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed\par
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or\par
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,\par
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and\par
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents\par
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and\par
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution\par
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside\par
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided\par
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed\par
          as modifying the License.\par
\par
      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and\par
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions\par
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or\par
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,\par
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with\par
      the conditions stated in this License.\par
\par
   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,\par
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work\par
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of\par
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.\par
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify\par
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed\par
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.\par
\par
   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade\par
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,\par
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the\par
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.\par
\par
   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or\par
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each\par
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or\par
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions\par
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A\par
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the\par
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any\par
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.\par
\par
   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,\par
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,\par
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly\par
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be\par
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,\par
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a\par
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the\par
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,\par
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all\par
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor\par
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.\par
\par
   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing\par
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,\par
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,\par
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this\par
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only\par
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf\par
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,\par
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability\par
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason\par
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.\par
\par
   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.\par
\par
      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following\par
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"\par
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include\par
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate\par
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a\par
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the\par
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier\par
      identification within third-party archives.\par
\par
   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]\par
\par
   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
   You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
\par
       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
\par
   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
   limitations under the License.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
%% The following software may be included in this product: NSIS 1.0j; \par
Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below: \par
\par
Copyright (C) 1999-2000 Nullsoft, Inc.\par
This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. \par
In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the \par
use of this software. Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for \par
any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and \par
redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
\par
1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not \par
   claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software \par
   in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be \par
   appreciated but is not required.\par
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not \par
   be misrepresented as being the original software.\par
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
   Justin Frankel justin@nullsoft.com"\par
  \par
%% Some Portions licensed from IBM are available at: \par
http://oss.software.ibm.com/icu4j/\par
\par
%% Portions Copyright Eastman Kodak Company 1992\par
\par
%% Lucida is a registered trademark or trademark  of Bigelow & Holmes in \par
   the U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
%% Portions licensed from Taligent, Inc.\par
\par
%% The following software may be included in this product:IAIK PKCS Wrapper; \par
   Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below:\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2002 Graz University of Technology. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,\par
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, must\par
   include the following acknowledgment:\par
\par
   "This product includes software developed by IAIK of Graz University of\par
    Technology."\par
\par
   Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself, if and\par
   wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.\par
\par
4. The names "Graz University of Technology" and "IAIK of Graz University of\par
   Technology" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
   software without prior written permission.\par
\par
5. Products derived from this software may not be called "IAIK PKCS Wrapper",\par
   nor may "IAIK" appear in their name, without prior written permission of\par
   Graz University of Technology.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LICENSOR BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,\par
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA,\par
OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON\par
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
%% The following software may be included in this product: \par
   Document Object Model (DOM) v. Level 3; \par
   Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below: \par
\par
W3C \u174R SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE\par
\par
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2002/copyright-software-20021231\par
\par
This work (and included software, documentation such as READMEs, or other \par
related items) is being provided by the copyright holders under the following \par
license. By obtaining, using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) \par
agree that you have read, understood, and will comply with the following \par
terms and conditions.\par
\par
Permission to copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation,\par
 with or without modification, for any purpose and without fee or royalty is \par
hereby granted, provided that you include the following on ALL copies of the \par
software and documentation or portions thereof, including modifications:\par
\par
   1.The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the\par
     redistributed or derivative work. \par
   2.Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms \par
     and conditions. If none exist, the W3C Software Short Notice should be \par
     included (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) within the body \par
     of any redistributed or derivative code. \par
   3.Notice of any changes or modifications to the files, including the date\par
     changes were made. (We recommend you provide URIs to the location from \par
     which the code is derived.) \par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS \par
MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT \par
NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR \par
PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE \par
ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.\par
\par
The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising \par
or publicity pertaining to the software without specific, written prior \par
permission. Title to copyright in this software and any associated \par
documentation will at all times remain with copyright holders.\par
\par
____________________________________\par
\par
This formulation of W3C's notice and license became active on December 31 2002.\par
\par
This version removes the copyright ownership notice such that this license \par
can be used with materials other than those owned by the W3C, reflects that \par
ERCIM is now a host of the W3C, includes references to this specific dated \par
version of the license, and removes the ambiguous grant of "use". Otherwise, \par
this version is the same as the previous version and is written so as to \par
preserve the Free Software Foundation's assessment of GPL compatibility and \par
OSI's certification under the Open Source Definition. Please see our \par
Copyright FAQ for common questions about using materials from our site, \par
including specific terms and conditions for packages like libwww, Amaya, \par
and Jigsaw. Other questions about this notice can be directed to \par
site-policy@w3.org.\par
\par
%% The following software may be included in this product: Xalan, Xerces; \par
Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below: \par
/*\par
 * The Apache Software License, Version 1.1\par
 *\par
 *\par
 * Copyright (c) 1999-2003 The Apache Software Foundation.  All rights \par
 * reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 *\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
 *\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
 *    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
 *    distribution.\par
 *\par
 * 3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,\par
 *    if any, must include the following acknowledgment:  \par
 *       "This product includes software developed by the\par
 *        Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."\par
 *    Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,\par
 *    if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.\par
 *\par
 * 4. The names "Xerces" and "Apache Software Foundation" must\par
 *    not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
 *    software without prior written permission. For written \par
 *    permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
 *\par
 * 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache",\par
 *    nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without prior written\par
 *    permission of the Apache Software Foundation.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 * OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
 * DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR\par
 * ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
 * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
 * LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF\par
 * USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND\par
 * ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
 * OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT\par
 * OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 * SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 * ====================================================================\par
 *\par
 * This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many\par
 * individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation and was\par
 * originally based on software copyright (c) 1999, International\par
 * Business Machines, Inc., http://www.ibm.com.  For more\par
 * information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see\par
 * \par
\par
%%  The following software may be included in this product: \par
W3C XML Conformance Test Suites v. 20020606; \par
Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below: \par
\par
W3C \u174R SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE\par
Copyright \u169C 1994-2002 World Wide Web Consortium, \par
(Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Institut National de Recherche \par
en Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University). \par
All Rights Reserved. http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/\par
\par
This W3C work (including software, documents, or other related items) is being\par
provided by the copyright holders under the following license. By obtaining,\par
using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree that you have read,\par
understood, and will comply with the following terms and conditions:\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its\par
documentation, with or without modification,  for any purpose and without fee or\par
royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the following on ALL copies\par
of the software and documentation or portions thereof, including modifications,\par
that you make:\par
\par
   1. The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the\par
      redistributed or derivative work.\par
   2. Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms \par
      and conditions. If none exist, a short notice of the following form \par
      (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) should be used within the \par
      body of any redistributed or derivative code: "Copyright \u169C \par
      [$date-of-software] World Wide Web Consortium, (Massachusetts \par
      Institute of Technology, Institut National de Recherche en \par
      Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University). \par
      All Rights Reserved. http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/"\par
   3. Notice of any changes or modifications to the W3C files, including \par
      the date changes were made. (We recommend you provide URIs to the \par
      location from which the code is derived.)\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS \par
MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT \par
NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR \par
PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE \par
ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR \par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.\par
\par
The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising or\par
publicity pertaining to the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
Title to copyright in this software and any associated documentation will at all\par
times remain with copyright holders.\par
\par
____________________________________\par
\par
This formulation of W3C's notice and license became active on August 14 1998 so\par
as to improve compatibility with GPL. This version ensures that W3C software\par
licensing terms are no more restrictive than GPL and consequently W3C software\par
may be distributed in GPL packages. See the older formulation for the policy\par
prior to this date. Please see our Copyright FAQ for common questions about\par
using materials from our site, including specific terms and conditions for\par
packages like libwww, Amaya, and Jigsaw. Other questions about this notice can\par
be directed to site-policy@w3.org.\par
 \par
%% The following software may be included in this product: \par
W3C XML Schema Test Collection v. 1.16.2; \par
Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below: \par
W3C \u174R DOCUMENT NOTICE AND LICENSE\par
Copyright \u169C 1994-2002 World Wide Web Consortium, \par
(Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Institut National de Recherche \par
en Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University). \par
All Rights Reserved.  http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/\par
\par
Public documents on the W3C site are provided by the copyright holders under the\par
following license. The software or Document Type Definitions (DTDs) associated\par
with W3C specifications are governed by the Software Notice. By using and/or\par
copying this document, or the W3C document from which this statement is linked,\par
you (the licensee) agree that you have read, understood, and will comply with\par
the following terms and conditions:\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, and distribute the contents of this document, or the\par
W3C document from which this statement is linked, in any medium for any purpose\par
and without fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the\par
following on ALL copies of the document, or portions thereof, that you use:\par
\par
   1. A link or URL to the original W3C document.\par
   2. The pre-existing copyright notice of the original author, or if it \par
      doesn't exist, a notice of the form: "Copyright \u169C \par
      [$date-of-document] World Wide Web Consortium, (Massachusetts \par
      Institute of Technology, Institut National de Recherche en \par
      Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University). All Rights\par
      Reserved. http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/" \par
      (Hypertext is preferred, but a textual representation is permitted.)\par
   3. If it exists, the STATUS of the W3C document.\par
\par
When space permits, inclusion of the full text of this NOTICE should be\par
provided. We request that authorship attribution be provided in any software,\par
documents, or other items or products that you create pursuant to the\par
implementation of the contents of this document, or any portion thereof.\par
\par
No right to create modifications or derivatives of W3C documents is granted\par
pursuant to this license. However, if additional requirements (documented in the\par
Copyright FAQ) are satisfied, the right to create modifications or derivatives\par
is sometimes granted by the W3C to individuals complying with those requirements.\par
\par
THIS DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS\par
OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR TITLE;\par
THAT THE CONTENTS OF THE DOCUMENT ARE SUITABLE FOR ANY PURPOSE; NOR THAT THE\par
IMPLEMENTATION OF SUCH CONTENTS WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS,\par
COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE DOCUMENT OR THE PERFORMANCE\par
OR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE CONTENTS THEREOF.\par
\par
The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising or\par
publicity pertaining to this document or its contents without specific, written\par
prior permission. Title to copyright in this document will at all times remain\par
with copyright holders.\par
\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
This formulation of W3C's notice and license became active on April 05 1999 so\par
as to account for the treatment of DTDs, schema's and bindings. See the older\par
formulation for the policy prior to this date. Please see our Copyright FAQ for\par
common questions about using materials from our site, including specific terms\par
and conditions for packages like libwww, Amaya, and Jigsaw. Other questions\par
about this notice can be directed to site-policy@w3.org.\par
webmaster\par
(last updated by reagle on 1999/04/99.) \par
\par
%% The following software may be included in this product: Byte Code \par
Engineering Library (BCEL) v. 5; \par
Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below: \par
\par
Apache Software License \par
/*\par
====================================================================\par
* The Apache Software License, Version 1.1\par
*\par
* Copyright (c) 2001 The Apache Software Foundation.  All rights\par
* reserved.\par
*\par
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
* are met:\par
*\par
* 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above\par
copyright\par
*    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
*\par
* 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
*    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
*    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
*    distribution.\par
*\par
* 3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,\par
*    if any, must include the following acknowledgment:\par
*       "This product includes software developed by the\par
*        Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."\par
*    Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,\par
*    if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.\par
*\par
* 4. The names "Apache" and "Apache Software Foundation" and \par
*    "Apache BCEL" must not be used to endorse or promote products \par
*    derived from this software without prior written permission. For \par
*    written permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
*\par
* 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache",\par
*    "Apache BCEL", nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without \par
*    prior written permission of the Apache Software Foundation.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
* WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
* DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR\par
* ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
* SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
* LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF\par
* USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND\par
* ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
* OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT\par
* OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
* SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*\par
====================================================================\par
*\par
* This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many\par
* individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more\par
* information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see\par
* .\par
*/\par
\par
\par
\par
%% The following software may be included in this product: Regexp, Regular \par
Expression Package v. 1.2; Use of any of this software is governed by the \par
terms of the license below: \par
\par
The Apache Software License, Version 1.1\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001 The Apache Software Foundation.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
distribution.\par
\par
3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,\par
if any, must include the following acknowledgment:\par
"This product includes software developed by the\par
Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."\par
Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,\par
if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.\par
\par
4. The names "Apache" and "Apache Software Foundation" and \par
"Apache Turbine" must not be used to endorse or promote products \par
derived from this software without prior written permission. For \par
written permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
\par
5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache",\par
"Apache Turbine", nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without \par
prior written permission of the Apache Software Foundation.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR\par
ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF\par
USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND\par
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT\par
OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
                                                             \par
====================================================================\par
\par
This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many\par
individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more\par
information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see\par
                                                             \par
http://www.apache.org.\par
\par
%% The following software may be included in this product: CUP Parser \par
Generator for Java v. 0.10k; \par
Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below: \par
\par
CUP Parser Generator Copyright Notice, License, and Disclaimer\par
\par
Copyright 1996-1999 by Scott Hudson, Frank Flannery, C. Scott Ananian \par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its\par
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that\par
the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both the copyright\par
notice and this permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear in\par
supporting documentation, and that the names of the authors or their employers\par
not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of\par
the software without specific, written prior permission. \par
\par
The authors and their employers disclaim all warranties with regard to this\par
software, including all implied warranties of merchantability and\par
fitness. In no event shall the authors or their employers be liable for any\par
special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever\par
resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract,\par
negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with\par
the use or performance of this software. \par
\par
%% The following software may be included in this product: JLex: \par
A Lexical Analyzer Generator for Java v. 1.2.5; Use of any of this software \par
is governed by the terms of the license below: \par
JLEX COPYRIGHT NOTICE, LICENSE AND DISCLAIMER.\par
\par
Copyright 1996-2003 by Elliot Joel Berk and C. Scott Ananian \par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its \par
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided \par
that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both the \par
copyright notice and this permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear \par
in supporting documentation, and that the name of the authors or their \par
employers not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution \par
of the software without specific, written prior permission. \par
\par
The authors and their employers disclaim all warranties with regard to this \par
software, including all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness. \par
In no event shall the authors or their employers be liable for any special, \par
indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from \par
loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence \par
or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or \par
performance of this software. \par
\par
Java is a trademark of Sun Microsystems, Inc. \par
References to the Java programming language in relation to JLex are not \par
meant to imply that Sun endorses this product.                      \par
\par
%% The following software may be included in this product: SAX v. 2.0.1; \par
Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below: \par
Copyright Status\par
\par
SAX is free!\par
\par
In fact, it's not possible to own a license to SAX, since it's been placed \par
in the public domain. \par
\par
No Warranty\par
\par
Because SAX is released to the public domain, there is no warranty for \par
the design or for the software implementation, to the extent permitted by \par
applicable law. Except when otherwise stated in writing the copyright \par
holders and/or other parties provide SAX "as is" without warranty of any \par
kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the \par
implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. \par
The entire risk as to the quality and performance of SAX is with you. \par
Should SAX prove defective, you assume the cost of all necessary servicing, \par
repair or correction.  In no event unless required by applicable law or \par
agreed to in writing will any copyright holder, or any other party who \par
may modify and/or redistribute SAX, be liable to you for damages, \par
including any general, special, incidental or consequential damages \par
arising out of the use or inability to use SAX (including but not limited \par
to loss of data or data being rendered inaccurate or losses sustained by \par
you or third parties or a failure of the SAX to operate with any other \par
programs), even if such holder or other party has been advised of the \par
possibility of such damages.\par
\par
Copyright Disclaimers \par
\par
This page includes statements to that effect by David Megginson, who would \par
have been able to claim copyright for the original work. \par
\par
SAX 1.0 \par
\par
Version 1.0 of the Simple API for XML (SAX), created collectively by \par
the membership of the XML-DEV mailing list, is hereby released into the \par
public domain.\par
\par
No one owns SAX: you may use it freely in both commercial and non-commercial \par
applications, bundle it with your software distribution, include it on a \par
CD-ROM, list the source code in a book, mirror the documentation at your \par
own web site, or use it in any other way you see fit.\par
\par
David Megginson, sax@megginson.com\par
1998-05-11\par
\par
SAX 2.0 \par
\par
I hereby abandon any property rights to SAX 2.0 (the Simple API for XML), \par
and release all of the SAX 2.0 source code, compiled code, and documentation \par
contained in this distribution into the Public Domain. SAX comes with \par
NO WARRANTY or guarantee of fitness for any purpose.\par
\par
David Megginson, david@megginson.com\par
2000-05-05\par
\par
%% The following software may be included in this product: Cryptix; \par
Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below:\par
\par
Cryptix General License\par
\par
Copyright \u169C 1995-2003 The Cryptix Foundation Limited. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
   1.Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice, this \par
     list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
   2.Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CRYPTIX FOUNDATION LIMITED AND CONTRIBUTORS \par
``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED \par
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR \par
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CRYPTIX FOUNDATION LIMITED OR \par
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, \par
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, \par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; \par
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, \par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR \par
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF \par
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
%% The licenses which follow do not apply to binary distributions of\par
   the software. They are applicable only to source distributions.\par
\par
%% The following software may be included in this product: \par
Common Unix Printing System API Libraries (CUPS API library); \par
Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below: \par
             \par
 GNU LIBRARY GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION\par
\par
  0. This License Agreement applies to any software library which\par
contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or other authorized\par
party saying it may be distributed under the terms of this Library\par
General Public License (also called "this License").  Each licensee is\par
addressed as "you".\par
\par
  A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data\par
prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs\par
(which use some of those functions and data) to form executables.\par
\par
  The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work\par
which has been distributed under these terms.  A "work based on the\par
Library" means either the Library or any derivative work under\par
copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Library or a\par
portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated\par
straightforwardly into another language.  (Hereinafter, translation is\par
included without limitation in the term "modification".)\par
\par
  "Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for\par
making modifications to it.  For a library, complete source code means\par
all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated\par
interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation\par
and installation of the library.\par
\par
  Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not\par
covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of\par
running a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from\par
such a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based\par
on the Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for\par
writing it).  Whether that is true depends on what the Library does\par
and what the program that uses the Library does.\par
\par
  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's\par
complete source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that\par
you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an\par
appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact\par
all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any\par
warranty; and distribute a copy of this License along with the\par
Library.\par
\par
  You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy,\par
and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a\par
fee.\par
\par
  2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion\par
of it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and\par
distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1\par
above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:\par
\par
    a) The modified work must itself be a software library.\par
\par
    b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices\par
    stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.\par
\par
    c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no\par
    charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.\par
\par
    d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a\par
    table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses\par
    the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility\par
    is invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure that,\par
    in the event an application does not supply such function or\par
    table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of\par
    its purpose remains meaningful.\par
\par
    (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has\par
    a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the\par
    application.  Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any\par
    application-supplied function or table used by this function must\par
    be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square\par
    root function must still compute square roots.)\par
\par
These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If\par
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library,\par
and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in\par
themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those\par
sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you\par
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based\par
on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of\par
this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the\par
entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote\par
it.\par
\par
Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest\par
your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to\par
exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or\par
collective works based on the Library.\par
\par
In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library\par
with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of\par
a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under\par
the scope of this License.\par
\par
  3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public\par
License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library.  To do\par
this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so\par
that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2,\par
instead of to this License.  (If a newer version than version 2 of the\par
ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify\par
that version instead if you wish.)  Do not make any other change in\par
these notices.\par
\par
  Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for\par
that copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all\par
subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy.\par
\par
  This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of\par
the Library into a program that is not a library.\par
\par
  4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or\par
derivative of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form\par
under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany\par
it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which\par
must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a\par
medium customarily used for software interchange.\par
\par
  If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy\par
from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the\par
source code from the same place satisfies the requirement to\par
distribute the source code, even though third parties are not\par
compelled to copy the source along with the object code.\par
\par
  5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the\par
Library, but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or\par
linked with it, is called a "work that uses the Library".  Such a\par
work, in isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and\par
therefore falls outside the scope of this License.\par
\par
  However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library\par
creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it\par
contains portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the\par
library".  The executable is therefore covered by this License.\par
Section 6 states terms for distribution of such executables.\par
\par
  When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file\par
that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a\par
derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not.\par
Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be\par
linked without the Library, or if the work is itself a library.  The\par
threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law.\par
\par
  If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data\par
structure layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline\par
functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of the object\par
file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative\par
work.  (Executables containing this object code plus portions of the\par
Library will still fall under Section 6.)\par
\par
  Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may\par
distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6.\par
Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6,\par
whether or not they are linked directly with the Library itself.\par
\par
  6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also compile or\par
link a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a\par
work containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work\par
under terms of your choice, provided that the terms permit\par
modification of the work for the customer's own use and reverse\par
engineering for debugging such modifications.\par
\par
  You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the\par
Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by\par
this License.  You must supply a copy of this License.  If the work\par
during execution displays copyright notices, you must include the\par
copyright notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference\par
directing the user to the copy of this License.  Also, you must do one\par
of these things:\par
\par
    a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding\par
    machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever\par
    changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under\par
    Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked\par
    with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that\par
    uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the\par
    user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified\par
    executable containing the modified Library.  (It is understood\par
    that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the\par
    Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application\par
    to use the modified definitions.)\par
\par
    b) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at\par
    least three years, to give the same user the materials\par
    specified in Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more\par
    than the cost of performing this distribution.\par
\par
    c) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy\par
    from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above\par
    specified materials from the same place.\par
\par
    d) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these\par
    materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.\par
\par
  For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the\par
Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for\par
reproducing the executable from it.  However, as a special exception,\par
the source code distributed need not include anything that is normally\par
distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major\par
components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on\par
which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies\par
the executable.\par
\par
  It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license\par
restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally\par
accompany the operating system.  Such a contradiction means you cannot\par
use both them and the Library together in an executable that you\par
distribute.\par
\par
  7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the\par
Library side-by-side in a single library together with other library\par
facilities not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined\par
library, provided that the separate distribution of the work based on\par
the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise\par
permitted, and provided that you do these two things:\par
\par
    a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work\par
    based on the Library, uncombined with any other library\par
    facilities.  This must be distributed under the terms of the\par
    Sections above.\par
\par
    b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact\par
    that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining\par
    where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.\par
\par
  8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute\par
the Library except as expressly provided under this License.  Any\par
attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or\par
distribute the Library is void, and will automatically terminate your\par
rights under this License.  However, parties who have received copies,\par
or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses\par
terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.\par
\par
  9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not\par
signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or\par
distribute the Library or its derivative works.  These actions are\par
prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by\par
modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the\par
Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and\par
all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying\par
the Library or works based on it.\par
\par
  10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the\par
Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the\par
original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library\par
subject to these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further\par
restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.\par
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to\par
this License.\par
\par
  11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent\par
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),\par
conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or\par
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not\par
excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot\par
distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this\par
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you\par
may not distribute the Library at all.  For example, if a patent\par
license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by\par
all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then\par
the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to\par
refrain entirely from distribution of the Library.\par
\par
If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any\par
particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply,\par
and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.\par
\par
It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any\par
patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any\par
such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the\par
integrity of the free software distribution system which is\par
implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made\par
generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed\par
through that system in reliance on consistent application of that\par
system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing\par
to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot\par
impose that choice.\par
\par
This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to\par
be a consequence of the rest of this License.\par
\par
  12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in\par
certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the\par
original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may add\par
an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries,\par
so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus\par
excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if\par
written in the body of this License.\par
\par
  13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new\par
versions of the Library General Public License from time to time.\par
Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version,\par
but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.\par
\par
Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Library\par
specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and\par
"any later version", you have the option of following the terms and\par
conditions either of that version or of any later version published by\par
the Free Software Foundation.  If the Library does not specify a\par
license version number, you may choose any version ever published by\par
the Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
  14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free\par
programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these,\par
write to the author to ask for permission.  For software which is\par
copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this.  Our\par
decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status\par
of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing\par
and reuse of software generally.\par
\par
                            NO WARRANTY\par
\par
  15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO\par
WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.\par
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR\par
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY\par
KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE\par
LIBRARY IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME\par
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.\par
\par
  16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN\par
WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY\par
AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU\par
FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE\par
LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING\par
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A\par
FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF\par
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH\par
DAMAGES.\par
\par
                     END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS   \par
\par
%% The following software may be included in this product: \par
Mesa 3-D graphics library v. 5; \par
Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below: \par
\par
core Mesa code  include/GL/gl.h       Brian Paul          Mesa\par
                \par
GLX driver      include/GL/glx.h      Brian Paul          Mesa\par
  \par
Ext registry    include/GL/glext.h    SGI                 SGI Free B\par
                include/GL/glxext.h\par
\par
Mesa license:\par
\par
The Mesa distribution consists of several components. Different copyrights and\par
licenses apply to different components. For example, GLUT is copyrighted by Mark\par
Kilgard, some demo programs are copyrighted by SGI, some of the Mesa device\par
drivers are copyrighted by their authors. See below for a list of Mesa's\par
components and the copyright/license for each.\par
\par
The core Mesa library is licensed according to the terms of the XFree86\par
copyright (an MIT-style license). This allows integration with the XFree86/DRI\par
project. Unless otherwise stated, the Mesa source code and documentation is\par
licensed as follows:\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1999-2003  Brian Paul   All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a\par
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),\par
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation\par
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,\par
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the\par
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL\par
BRIAN PAUL BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN\par
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
SGI Free Software Licence B:\par
, or is under common control with Recipient. For purposes of this definition,\par
"control" of an entity means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to direct or\par
manage such entity, or (b) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the\par
outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity.\par
1.12."Recipient Patents" means patent claims Licensable by a Recipient that are\par
infringed by the use or sale of Original Code or any Modifications provided by\par
SGI, or any combination thereof. \par
1.13."SGI" means Silicon Graphics, Inc.\par
1.14."SGI Patents" means patent claims Licensable by SGI other than the Licensed\par
Patents.\par
2.License Grant and Restrictions.\par
2.1.SGI License Grant. Subject to the terms of this License and any third party\par
intellectual property claims, for the duration of intellectual property\par
protections inherent in the Original Code, SGI hereby grants Recipient a\par
worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, to do the following: (i) under\par
copyrights Licensable by SGI, to reproduce, distribute, create derivative\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Java SE\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Oracle Binary Code License Agreement for the Java SE Platform Products and JavaFX \par
\par
ORACLE AMERICA, INC. ("ORACLE"), FOR AND ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES UNDER COMMON CONTROL, IS WILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE TO YOU ONLY UPON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS BINARY CODE LICENSE AGREEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTAL LICENSE TERMS (COLLECTIVELY "AGREEMENT"). PLEASE READ THE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. BY SELECTING THE "ACCEPT LICENSE AGREEMENT" (OR THE EQUIVALENT) BUTTON AND/OR BY USING THE SOFTWARE YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THE TERMS AND AGREE TO THEM. IF YOU ARE AGREEING TO THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL AUTHORITY TO BIND THE LEGAL ENTITY TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS, THEN SELECT THE "DECLINE LICENSE AGREEMENT" (OR THE EQUIVALENT) BUTTON AND YOU MUST NOT USE THE SOFTWARE ON THIS SITE OR ANY OTHER MEDIA ON WHICH THE SOFTWARE IS CONTAINED. \par
\par
1. DEFINITIONS. "Software" means the software identified above in binary form that you selected for download, install or use (in the version You selected for download, install or use) from Oracle or its authorized licensees, any other machine readable materials (including, but not limited to, libraries, source files, header files, and data files), any updates or error corrections provided by Oracle, and any user manuals, programming guides and other documentation provided to you by Oracle under this Agreement. "General Purpose Desktop Computers and Servers" means computers, including desktop and laptop computers, or servers, used for general computing functions under end user control (such as but not specifically limited to email, general purpose Internet browsing, and office suite productivity tools). The use of Software in systems and solutions that provide dedicated functionality (other than as mentioned above) or designed for use in embedded or function-specific software applications, for example but not limited to: Software embedded in or bundled with industrial control systems, wireless mobile telephones, wireless handheld devices, kiosks, TV/STB, Blu-ray Disc devices, telematics and network control switching equipment, printers and storage management systems, and other related systems are excluded from this definition and not licensed under this Agreement. "Programs" means (a) Java technology applets and applications intended to run on the Java Platform, Standard Edition platform on Java-enabled General Purpose Desktop Computers and Servers; and (b) JavaFX technology applications intended to run on the JavaFX Runtime on JavaFX-enabled General Purpose Desktop Computers and Servers. "Commercial Features" means those features identified in Table 1-1 (Commercial Features In Java SE Product Editions) of the Java SE documentation accessible at http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/documentation/index.html. "README File" means the README file for the Software accessible at http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/documentation/index.html. \par
\par
2. LICENSE TO USE. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement including, but not limited to, the Java Technology Restrictions of the Supplemental License Terms, Oracle grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license without license fees to reproduce and use internally the Software complete and unmodified for the sole purpose of running Programs. THE LICENSE SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 2 DOES NOT EXTEND TO THE COMMERCIAL FEATURES. YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS RELATED TO THE COMMERCIAL FEATURES ARE AS SET FORTH IN THE SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS ALONG WITH ADDITIONAL LICENSES FOR DEVELOPERS AND PUBLISHERS. \par
\par
3. RESTRICTIONS. Software is copyrighted. Title to Software and all associated intellectual property rights is retained by Oracle and/or its licensors. Unless enforcement is prohibited by applicable law, you may not modify, decompile, or reverse engineer Software. You acknowledge that the Software is developed for general use in a variety of information management applications; it is not developed or intended for use in any inherently dangerous applications, including applications that may create a risk of personal injury. If you use the Software in dangerous applications, then you shall be responsible to take all appropriate fail-safe, backup, redundancy, and other measures to ensure its safe use. Oracle disclaims any express or implied warranty of fitness for such uses. No right, title or interest in or to any trademark, service mark, logo or trade name of Oracle or its licensors is granted under this Agreement. Additional restrictions for developers and/or publishers licenses are set forth in the Supplemental License Terms. \par
\par
4. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. ORACLE FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT. \par
\par
5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL ORACLE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA OR DATA USE, INCURRED BY YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR TORT, EVEN IF ORACLE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ORACLE'S ENTIRE LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES HEREUNDER SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS (U.S. $1,000). \par
\par
6. TERMINATION. This Agreement is effective until terminated. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying all copies of Software. This Agreement will terminate immediately without notice from Oracle if you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately should any Software become, or in either party's opinion be likely to become, the subject of a claim of infringement of any intellectual property right. Upon termination, you must destroy all copies of Software. \par
\par
7. EXPORT REGULATIONS. You agree that U.S. export control laws and other applicable export and import laws govern your use of the Software, including technical data; additional information can be found on Oracle's Global Trade Compliance web site (http://www.oracle.com/products/export). You agree that neither the Software nor any direct product thereof will be exported, directly, or indirectly, in violation of these laws, or will be used for any purpose prohibited by these laws including, without limitation, nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons proliferation. \par
\par
8. TRADEMARKS AND LOGOS. You acknowledge and agree as between you\par
and Oracle that Oracle owns the ORACLE and JAVA trademarks and all ORACLE- and JAVA-related trademarks, service marks, logos and other brand\par
designations ("Oracle Marks"), and you agree to comply with the Third\par
Party Usage Guidelines for Oracle Trademarks currently located at\par
http://www.oracle.com/us/legal/third-party-trademarks/index.html . Any use you make of the Oracle Marks inures to Oracle's benefit. \par
\par
9. U.S. GOVERNMENT LICENSE RIGHTS. If Software is being acquired by or on behalf of the U.S. Government or by a U.S. Government prime contractor or subcontractor (at any tier), then the Government's rights in Software and accompanying documentation shall be only those set forth in this Agreement. \par
\par
10. GOVERNING LAW. This agreement is governed by the substantive and procedural laws of California. You and Oracle agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of, and venue in, the courts of San Francisco, or Santa Clara counties in California in any dispute arising out of or relating to this agreement. \par
\par
11. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, this Agreement will remain in effect with the provision omitted, unless omission would frustrate the intent of the parties, in which case this Agreement will immediately terminate. \par
\par
12. INTEGRATION. This Agreement is the entire agreement between you and Oracle relating to its subject matter. It supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals, representations and warranties and prevails over any conflicting or additional terms of any quote, order, acknowledgment, or other communication between the parties relating to its subject matter during the term of this Agreement. No modification of this Agreement will be binding, unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of each party. \par
\par
SUPPLEMENTAL LICENSE TERMS \par
\par
These Supplemental License Terms add to or modify the terms of the Binary Code License Agreement. Capitalized terms not defined in these Supplemental Terms shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Binary Code License Agreement. These Supplemental Terms shall supersede any inconsistent or conflicting terms in the Binary Code License Agreement, or in any license contained within the Software. \par
\par
A. COMMERCIAL FEATURES. You may not use the Commercial Features for running Programs, Java applets or applications in your internal business operations or for any commercial or production purpose, or for any purpose other than as set forth in Sections B, C, D and E of these Supplemental Terms. If You want to use the Commercial Features for any purpose other than as permitted in this Agreement, You must obtain a separate license from Oracle. \par
\par
B. SOFTWARE INTERNAL USE FOR DEVELOPMENT LICENSE GRANT. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and restrictions and exceptions set forth in the README File incorporated herein by reference, including, but not limited to the Java Technology Restrictions of these Supplemental Terms, Oracle grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license without fees to reproduce internally and use internally the Software complete and unmodified for the purpose of designing, developing, and testing your Programs. \par
\par
C. LICENSE TO DISTRIBUTE SOFTWARE. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and restrictions and exceptions set forth in the README File, including, but not limited to the Java Technology Restrictions and Limitations on Redistribution of these Supplemental Terms, Oracle grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license without fees to reproduce and distribute the Software, provided that (i) you distribute the Software complete and unmodified and only bundled as part of, and for the sole purpose of running, your Programs, (ii) the Programs add significant and primary functionality to the Software, (iii) you do not distribute additional software intended to replace any component(s) of the Software, (iv) you do not remove or alter any proprietary legends or notices contained in the Software, (v) you only distribute the Software subject to a license agreement that: (a) is a complete, unmodified reproduction of this Agreement; or (b) protects Oracle's interests consistent with the terms contained in this Agreement and that includes the notice set forth in Section H, and (vi) you agree to defend and indemnify Oracle and its licensors from and against any damages, costs, liabilities, settlement amounts and/or expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with any claim, lawsuit or action by any third party that arises or results from the use or distribution of any and all Programs and/or Software. The license set forth in this Section C does not extend to the Software identified in Section G. \par
\par
D. LICENSE TO DISTRIBUTE REDISTRIBUTABLES. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and restrictions and exceptions set forth in the README File, including but not limited to the Java Technology Restrictions and Limitations on Redistribution of these Supplemental Terms, Oracle grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license without fees to reproduce and distribute those files specifically identified as redistributable in the README File ("Redistributables") provided that: (i) you distribute the Redistributables complete and unmodified, and only bundled as part of Programs, (ii) the Programs add significant and primary functionality to the Redistributables, (iii) you do not distribute additional software intended to supersede any component(s) of the Redistributables (unless otherwise specified in the applicable README File), (iv) you do not remove or alter any proprietary legends or notices contained in or on the Redistributables, (v) you only distribute the Redistributables pursuant to a license agreement that: (a) is a complete, unmodified reproduction of this Agreement; or (b) protects Oracle's interests consistent with the terms contained in the Agreement and includes the notice set forth in Section H, (vi) you agree to defend and indemnify Oracle and its licensors from and against any damages, costs, liabilities, settlement amounts and/or expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with any claim, lawsuit or action by any third party that arises or results from the use or distribution of any and all Programs and/or Software. The license set forth in this Section D does not extend to the Software identified in Section G. \par
\par
E. DISTRIBUTION BY PUBLISHERS. This section pertains to your distribution of the JavaTM SE Development Kit Software ("JDK") with your printed book or magazine (as those terms are commonly used in the industry) relating to Java technology ("Publication"). Subject to and conditioned upon your compliance with the restrictions and obligations contained in the Agreement, Oracle hereby grants to you a non-exclusive, nontransferable limited right to reproduce complete and unmodified copies of the JDK on electronic media (the "Media") for the sole purpose of inclusion and distribution with your Publication(s), subject to the following terms: (i) You may not distribute the JDK on a stand-alone basis; it must be distributed with your Publication(s); (ii) You are responsible for downloading the JDK from the applicable Oracle web site; (iii) You must refer to the JDK as JavaTM SE Development Kit; (iv) The JDK must be reproduced in its entirety and without any modification whatsoever (including with respect to all proprietary notices) and distributed with your Publication subject to a license agreement that is a complete, unmodified reproduction of this Agreement; (v) The Media label shall include the following information: "Copyright [YEAR], Oracle America, Inc. All rights reserved. Use is subject to license terms. ORACLE and JAVA trademarks and all ORACLE- and JAVA-related trademarks, service marks, logos and other brand designations are trademarks or registered trademarks of Oracle in the U.S. and other countries." [YEAR] is the year of Oracle's release of the Software; the year information can typically be found in the Software's "About" box or screen. This information must be placed on the Media label in such a manner as to only apply to the JDK; (vi) You must clearly identify the JDK as Oracle's product on the Media holder or Media label, and you may not state or imply that Oracle is responsible for any third-party software contained on the Media; (vii) You may not include any third party software on the Media which is intended to be a replacement or substitute for the JDK; (viii) You agree to defend and indemnify Oracle and its licensors from and against any damages, costs, liabilities, settlement amounts and/or expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with any claim, lawsuit or action by any third party that arises or results from the use or distribution of the JDK and/or the Publication; ; and (ix) You shall provide Oracle with a written notice for each Publication; such notice shall include the following information: (1) title of Publication, (2) author(s), (3) date of Publication, and (4) ISBN or ISSN numbers. Such notice shall be sent to Oracle America, Inc., 500 Oracle Parkway, Redwood Shores, California 94065 U.S.A , Attention: General Counsel. \par
\par
F. JAVA TECHNOLOGY RESTRICTIONS. You may not create, modify, or change the behavior of, or authorize your licensees to create, modify, or change the behavior of, classes, interfaces, or subpackages that are in any way identified as "java", "javax", "sun", "oracle" or similar convention as specified by Oracle in any naming convention designation. \par
\par
G. LIMITATIONS ON REDISTRIBUTION. You may not redistribute or otherwise transfer: (a) JavaFX Runtime prior to version 2.0.2, (b) JavaFX Development Kit prior to version 2.0.2, or (c) any and all patches, bug fixes and updates made available by Oracle through Oracle Premier Support, including those made available under Oracle's Java SE Support program. \par
\par
H. COMMERCIAL FEATURES NOTICE. For purpose of complying with Supplemental Term Section C.(v)(b) and D.(v)(b), your license agreement shall include the following notice, where the notice is displayed in a manner that anyone using the Software will see the notice: \par
\par
Use of the Commercial Features for any commercial or production purpose requires a separate license from Oracle. "Commercial Features" means those features identified Table 1-1 (Commercial Features In Java SE Product Editions) of the Java SE documentation accessible at http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/documentation/index.html  \par
\par
I. SOURCE CODE. Software may contain source code that, unless expressly licensed for other purposes, is provided solely for reference purposes pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Source code may not be redistributed unless expressly provided for in this Agreement. \par
\par
J. THIRD PARTY CODE. Additional copyright notices and license terms applicable to portions of the Software are set forth in the THIRDPARTYLICENSEREADME file accessible at http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/documentation/index.html. In addition to any terms and conditions of any third party opensource/freeware license identified in the THIRDPARTYLICENSEREADME file, the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provisions in paragraphs 4 and 5 of the Binary Code License Agreement shall apply to all Software in this distribution. \par
\par
K. TERMINATION FOR INFRINGEMENT. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately should any Software become, or in either party's opinion be likely to become, the subject of a claim of infringement of any intellectual property right. \par
\par
L. INSTALLATION AND AUTO-UPDATE. The Software's installation and auto-update processes transmit a limited amount of data to Oracle (or its service provider) about those specific processes to help Oracle understand and optimize them. Oracle does not associate the data with personally identifiable information. You can find more information about the data Oracle collects as a result of your Software download at http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/documentation/index.html.\par
\par
For inquiries please contact: \par
Oracle America, Inc., 500 Oracle Parkway,\par
Redwood Shores, California 94065, USA. \par
\par
Last updated 2 July 2012\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Oracle publishes the following notices in the same file for both its JDK and its JRE.  Oracle does not provide specific details with respect to its own use of third-party items as contained only in or applicable only to the JRE.  The following does not indicate that these terms in fact apply to the JRE, only that these items "may be included in this product".\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
DO NOT TRANSLATE OR LOCALIZE.\par
-----------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to ASM Bytecode Manipulation \par
Framework v3.1, which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000-2005 INRIA, France Telecom\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its\par
   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
   this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF\par
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to CodeViewer 1.0, which is included \par
with JDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright 1999 by CoolServlets.com.\par
\par
Any errors or suggested improvements to this class can be reported as\par
instructed on CoolServlets.com. We hope you enjoy this program... your\par
comments will encourage further development!  This software is distributed\par
under the terms of the BSD License.  Redistribution and use in source and\par
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the\par
following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
Neither name of CoolServlets.com nor the names of its contributors may be\par
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY COOLSERVLETS.COM AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON\par
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE."\par
\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Cryptix AES 3.2.0, which is\par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Cryptix General License\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995-2005 The Cryptix Foundation Limited.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
met:\par
\par
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice,\par
     this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
     the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
     distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CRYPTIX FOUNDATION LIMITED AND\par
CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CRYPTIX FOUNDATION LIMITED OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR\par
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE\par
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN\par
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to CUP Parser Generator for \par
Java 0.10k, which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright 1996-1999 by Scott Hudson, Frank Flannery, C. Scott Ananian\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its\par
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided\par
that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both the\par
copyright notice and this permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear in\par
supporting documentation, and that the names of the authors or their\par
employers not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of\par
the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
\par
The authors and their employers disclaim all warranties with regard to\par
this software, including all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness.\par
In no event shall the authors or their employers be liable for any special,\par
indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from\par
loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or\par
other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or\par
performance of this software.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2\par
& 3, which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
W3C SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE\par
\par
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2002/copyright-software-20021231\par
\par
This work (and included software, documentation such as READMEs, or other\par
related items) is being provided by the copyright holders under the following\par
license. By obtaining, using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee)\par
agree that you have read, understood, and will comply with the following terms\par
and conditions.\par
\par
Permission to copy, modify, and distribute this software and its\par
documentation, with or without modification, for any purpose and without fee\par
or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the following on ALL\par
copies of the software and documentation or portions thereof, including\par
modifications:\par
\par
   1.The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the\par
   redistributed or derivative work.\par
\par
   2.Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms and\par
   conditions. If none exist, the W3C Software Short Notice should be included\par
   (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) within the body of any\par
   redistributed or derivative code.\par
\par
   3.Notice of any changes or modifications to the files, including the date\par
   changes were made. (We recommend you provide URIs to the location from\par
   which the code is derived.)\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS\par
MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY\par
THIRD PARTY PATENTS,COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL\par
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR\par
DOCUMENTATION.  The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used\par
in advertising or publicity pertaining to the software without specific,\par
written prior permission. Title to copyright in this software and any\par
associated documentation will at all times remain with copyright holders.\par
\par
____________________________________\par
\par
This formulation of W3C's notice and license became active on December 31\par
2002. This version removes the copyright ownership notice such that this\par
license can be used with materials other than those owned by the W3C, reflects\par
that ERCIM is now a host of the W3C, includes references to this specific\par
dated version of the license, and removes the ambiguous grant of "use".\par
Otherwise, this version is the same as the previous version and is written so\par
as to preserve the Free Software Foundation's assessment of GPL compatibility\par
and OSI's certification under the Open Source Definition. Please see our\par
Copyright FAQ for common questions about using materials from our site,\par
including specific terms and conditions for packages like libwww, Amaya, and\par
Jigsaw. Other questions about this notice can be directed to\par
site-policy@w3.org.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Elliptic Curve Cryptography, which \par
is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
You are receiving a copy of the Elliptic Curve Cryptography library in source\par
form with the JDK 7 and OpenJDK7 source distributions, and as object code in\par
the JRE 7 & JDK 7 runtimes.\par
\par
In the case of the JRE 7 & JDK 7 runtimes, the terms of the Oracle license do\par
NOT apply to the Elliptic Curve Cryptography library; it is licensed under the\par
following license, separately from Oracle's JDK & JRE.  If you do not wish to\par
install the Elliptic Curve Cryptography library, you may delete the library\par
named libsunec.so (on Solaris and Linux systems) or sunec.dll (on Windows\par
systems) from the JRE bin directory reserved for native libraries.\par
\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
                  GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
                       Version 2.1, February 1999\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 1991, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA\par
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies\par
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
\par
[This is the first released version of the Lesser GPL.  It also counts\par
 as the successor of the GNU Library Public License, version 2, hence\par
 the version number 2.1.]\par
\par
                            Preamble\par
\par
  The licenses for most software are designed to take away your\par
freedom to share and change it.  By contrast, the GNU General Public\par
Licenses are intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change\par
free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.\par
\par
  This license, the Lesser General Public License, applies to some\par
specially designated software packages--typically libraries--of the\par
Free Software Foundation and other authors who decide to use it.  You\par
can use it too, but we suggest you first think carefully about whether\par
this license or the ordinary General Public License is the better\par
strategy to use in any particular case, based on the explanations below.\par
\par
  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom of use,\par
not price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that\par
you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge\par
for this service if you wish); that you receive source code or can get\par
it if you want it; that you can change the software and use pieces of\par
it in new free programs; and that you are informed that you can do\par
these things.\par
\par
  To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid\par
distributors to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender these\par
rights.  These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for\par
you if you distribute copies of the library or if you modify it.\par
\par
  For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratis\par
or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave\par
you.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source\par
code.  If you link other code with the library, you must provide\par
complete object files to the recipients, so that they can relink them\par
with the library after making changes to the library and recompiling\par
it.  And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.\par
\par
  We protect your rights with a two-step method: (1) we copyright the\par
library, and (2) we offer you this license, which gives you legal\par
permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the library.\par
\par
  To protect each distributor, we want to make it very clear that\par
there is no warranty for the free library.  Also, if the library is\par
modified by someone else and passed on, the recipients should know\par
that what they have is not the original version, so that the original\par
author's reputation will not be affected by problems that might be\par
introduced by others.\par
\par
\par
  Finally, software patents pose a constant threat to the existence of\par
any free program.  We wish to make sure that a company cannot\par
effectively restrict the users of a free program by obtaining a\par
restrictive license from a patent holder.  Therefore, we insist that\par
any patent license obtained for a version of the library must be\par
consistent with the full freedom of use specified in this license.\par
\par
  Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the\par
ordinary GNU General Public License.  This license, the GNU Lesser\par
General Public License, applies to certain designated libraries, and\par
is quite different from the ordinary General Public License.  We use\par
this license for certain libraries in order to permit linking those\par
libraries into non-free programs.\par
\par
  When a program is linked with a library, whether statically or using\par
a shared library, the combination of the two is legally speaking a\par
combined work, a derivative of the original library.  The ordinary\par
General Public License therefore permits such linking only if the\par
entire combination fits its criteria of freedom.  The Lesser General\par
Public License permits more lax criteria for linking other code with\par
the library.\par
\par
  We call this license the "Lesser" General Public License because it\par
does Less to protect the user's freedom than the ordinary General\par
Public License.  It also provides other free software developers Less\par
of an advantage over competing non-free programs.  These disadvantages\par
are the reason we use the ordinary General Public License for many\par
libraries.  However, the Lesser license provides advantages in certain\par
special circumstances.\par
\par
  For example, on rare occasions, there may be a special need to\par
encourage the widest possible use of a certain library, so that it becomes\par
a de-facto standard.  To achieve this, non-free programs must be\par
allowed to use the library.  A more frequent case is that a free\par
library does the same job as widely used non-free libraries.  In this\par
case, there is little to gain by limiting the free library to free\par
software only, so we use the Lesser General Public License.\par
\par
  In other cases, permission to use a particular library in non-free\par
programs enables a greater number of people to use a large body of\par
free software.  For example, permission to use the GNU C Library in\par
non-free programs enables many more people to use the whole GNU\par
operating system, as well as its variant, the GNU/Linux operating\par
system.\par
\par
  Although the Lesser General Public License is Less protective of the\par
users' freedom, it does ensure that the user of a program that is\par
linked with the Library has the freedom and the wherewithal to run\par
that program using a modified version of the Library.\par
\par
  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and\par
modification follow.  Pay close attention to the difference between a\par
"work based on the library" and a "work that uses the library".  The\par
former contains code derived from the library, whereas the latter must\par
be combined with the library in order to run.\par
\par
\par
                  GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION\par
\par
  0. This License Agreement applies to any software library or other\par
program which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or\par
other authorized party saying it may be distributed under the terms of\par
this Lesser General Public License (also called "this License").\par
Each licensee is addressed as "you".\par
\par
  A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data\par
prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs\par
(which use some of those functions and data) to form executables.\par
\par
  The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work\par
which has been distributed under these terms.  A "work based on the\par
Library" means either the Library or any derivative work under\par
copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Library or a\par
portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated\par
straightforwardly into another language.  (Hereinafter, translation is\par
included without limitation in the term "modification".)\par
\par
  "Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for\par
making modifications to it.  For a library, complete source code means\par
all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated\par
interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation\par
and installation of the library.\par
\par
  Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not\par
covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of\par
running a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from\par
such a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based\par
on the Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for\par
writing it).  Whether that is true depends on what the Library does\par
and what the program that uses the Library does.\par
\par
  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's\par
complete source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that\par
you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an\par
appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact\par
all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any\par
warranty; and distribute a copy of this License along with the\par
Library.\par
\par
  You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy,\par
and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a\par
fee.\par
\par
\par
  2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion\par
of it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and\par
distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1\par
above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:\par
\par
    a) The modified work must itself be a software library.\par
\par
    b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices\par
    stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.\par
\par
    c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no\par
    charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.\par
\par
    d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a\par
    table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses\par
    the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility\par
    is invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure that,\par
    in the event an application does not supply such function or\par
    table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of\par
    its purpose remains meaningful.\par
\par
    (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has\par
    a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the\par
    application.  Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any\par
    application-supplied function or table used by this function must\par
    be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square\par
    root function must still compute square roots.)\par
\par
These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If\par
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library,\par
and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in\par
themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those\par
sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you\par
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based\par
on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of\par
this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the\par
entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote\par
it.\par
\par
Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest\par
your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to\par
exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or\par
collective works based on the Library.\par
\par
In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library\par
with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of\par
a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under\par
the scope of this License.\par
\par
  3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public\par
License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library.  To do\par
this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so\par
that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2,\par
instead of to this License.  (If a newer version than version 2 of the\par
ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify\par
that version instead if you wish.)  Do not make any other change in\par
these notices.\par
\par
\par
  Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for\par
that copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all\par
subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy.\par
\par
  This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of\par
the Library into a program that is not a library.\par
\par
  4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or\par
derivative of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form\par
under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany\par
it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which\par
must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a\par
medium customarily used for software interchange.\par
\par
  If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy\par
from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the\par
source code from the same place satisfies the requirement to\par
distribute the source code, even though third parties are not\par
compelled to copy the source along with the object code.\par
\par
  5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the\par
Library, but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or\par
linked with it, is called a "work that uses the Library".  Such a\par
work, in isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and\par
therefore falls outside the scope of this License.\par
\par
  However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library\par
creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it\par
contains portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the\par
library".  The executable is therefore covered by this License.\par
Section 6 states terms for distribution of such executables.\par
\par
  When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file\par
that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a\par
derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not.\par
Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be\par
linked without the Library, or if the work is itself a library.  The\par
threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law.\par
\par
  If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data\par
structure layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline\par
functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of the object\par
file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative\par
work.  (Executables containing this object code plus portions of the\par
Library will still fall under Section 6.)\par
\par
  Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may\par
distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6.\par
Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6,\par
whether or not they are linked directly with the Library itself.\par
\par
\par
  6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also combine or\par
link a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a\par
work containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work\par
under terms of your choice, provided that the terms permit\par
modification of the work for the customer's own use and reverse\par
engineering for debugging such modifications.\par
\par
  You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the\par
Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by\par
this License.  You must supply a copy of this License.  If the work\par
during execution displays copyright notices, you must include the\par
copyright notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference\par
directing the user to the copy of this License.  Also, you must do one\par
of these things:\par
\par
    a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding\par
    machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever\par
    changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under\par
    Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked\par
    with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that\par
    uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the\par
    user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified\par
    executable containing the modified Library.  (It is understood\par
    that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the\par
    Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application\par
    to use the modified definitions.)\par
\par
    b) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the\par
    Library.  A suitable mechanism is one that (1) uses at run time a\par
    copy of the library already present on the user's computer system,\par
    rather than copying library functions into the executable, and (2)\par
    will operate properly with a modified version of the library, if\par
    the user installs one, as long as the modified version is\par
    interface-compatible with the version that the work was made with.\par
\par
    c) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at\par
    least three years, to give the same user the materials\par
    specified in Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more\par
    than the cost of performing this distribution.\par
\par
    d) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy\par
    from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above\par
    specified materials from the same place.\par
\par
    e) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these\par
    materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.\par
\par
  For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the\par
Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for\par
reproducing the executable from it.  However, as a special exception,\par
the materials to be distributed need not include anything that is\par
normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major\par
components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on\par
which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies\par
the executable.\par
\par
  It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license\par
restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally\par
accompany the operating system.  Such a contradiction means you cannot\par
use both them and the Library together in an executable that you\par
distribute.\par
\par
\par
  7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the\par
Library side-by-side in a single library together with other library\par
facilities not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined\par
library, provided that the separate distribution of the work based on\par
the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise\par
permitted, and provided that you do these two things:\par
\par
    a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work\par
    based on the Library, uncombined with any other library\par
    facilities.  This must be distributed under the terms of the\par
    Sections above.\par
\par
    b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact\par
    that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining\par
    where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.\par
\par
  8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute\par
the Library except as expressly provided under this License.  Any\par
attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or\par
distribute the Library is void, and will automatically terminate your\par
rights under this License.  However, parties who have received copies,\par
or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses\par
terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.\par
\par
  9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not\par
signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or\par
distribute the Library or its derivative works.  These actions are\par
prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by\par
modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the\par
Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and\par
all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying\par
the Library or works based on it.\par
\par
  10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the\par
Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the\par
original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library\par
subject to these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further\par
restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.\par
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with\par
this License.\par
\par
\par
  11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent\par
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),\par
conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or\par
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not\par
excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot\par
distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this\par
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you\par
may not distribute the Library at all.  For example, if a patent\par
license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by\par
all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then\par
the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to\par
refrain entirely from distribution of the Library.\par
\par
If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any\par
particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply,\par
and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.\par
\par
It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any\par
patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any\par
such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the\par
integrity of the free software distribution system which is\par
implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made\par
generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed\par
through that system in reliance on consistent application of that\par
system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing\par
to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot\par
impose that choice.\par
\par
This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to\par
be a consequence of the rest of this License.\par
\par
  12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in\par
certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the\par
original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may add\par
an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries,\par
so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus\par
excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if\par
written in the body of this License.\par
\par
  13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new\par
versions of the Lesser General Public License from time to time.\par
Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version,\par
but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.\par
\par
Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Library\par
specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and\par
"any later version", you have the option of following the terms and\par
conditions either of that version or of any later version published by\par
the Free Software Foundation.  If the Library does not specify a\par
license version number, you may choose any version ever published by\par
the Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
\par
  14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free\par
programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these,\par
write to the author to ask for permission.  For software which is\par
copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this.  Our\par
decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status\par
of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing\par
and reuse of software generally.\par
\par
                            NO WARRANTY\par
\par
  15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO\par
WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.\par
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR\par
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY\par
KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE\par
LIBRARY IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME\par
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.\par
\par
  16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN\par
WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY\par
AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU\par
FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE\par
LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING\par
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A\par
FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF\par
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH\par
DAMAGES.\par
\par
                     END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
\par
           How to Apply These Terms to Your New Libraries\par
\par
  If you develop a new library, and you want it to be of the greatest\par
possible use to the public, we recommend making it free software that\par
everyone can redistribute and change.  You can do so by permitting\par
redistribution under these terms (or, alternatively, under the terms of the\par
ordinary General Public License).\par
\par
  To apply these terms, attach the following notices to the library.  It is\par
safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively\par
convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the\par
"copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.\par
\par
    <one line to give the library's name and a brief idea of what it does.>\par
    Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>\par
\par
    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
    modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
    License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
    version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
    This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
    Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
\par
    You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
    License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software\par
    Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA\par
\par
Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.\par
\par
You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your\par
school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the library, if\par
necessary.  Here is a sample; alter the names:\par
\par
  Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the\par
  library `Frob' (a library for tweaking knobs) written by James Random Hacker.\par
\par
  <signature of Ty Coon>, 1 April 1990\par
  Ty Coon, President of Vice\par
\par
That's all there is to it!\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to FontConfig 2.5, which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7 source distributions on\par
Linux and Solaris.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright \u169C 2001,2003 Keith Packard\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its\par
documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the\par
above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright\par
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that\par
the name of Keith Packard not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining\par
to distribution of the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
Keith Packard makes no representations about the suitability of this software\par
for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
KEITH PACKARD DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING\par
ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL KEITH\par
PACKARD BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY\par
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN\par
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN\par
CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to IAIK PKCS#11 Wrapper, \par
which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
IAIK PKCS#11 Wrapper License\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2002 Graz University of Technology. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, must\par
   include the following acknowledgment:\par
\par
   "This product includes software developed by IAIK of Graz University of\par
    Technology."\par
\par
   Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself, if and\par
   wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.\par
\par
4. The names "Graz University of Technology" and "IAIK of Graz University of\par
   Technology" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
   software without prior written permission.\par
\par
5. Products derived from this software may not be called "IAIK PKCS Wrapper",\par
   nor may "IAIK" appear in their name, without prior written permission of\par
   Graz University of Technology.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,\par
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to ICU4C 4.0.1 and ICU4J 4.4, which \par
is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995-2010 International Business Machines Corporation and others \par
\par
All rights reserved. \par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the\par
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,\par
provided that the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear\par
in all copies of the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and\par
this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN\par
NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY\par
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN\par
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN\par
CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not\par
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings\par
in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.\par
All trademarks and registered trademarks mentioned herein are the property of\par
their respective owners.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to IJG JPEG 6b, which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
This software is copyright (C) 1991-1998, Thomas G. Lane.\par
All Rights Reserved except as specified below.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software (or portions thereof) for any purpose, without fee, subject to these\par
conditions:\par
(1) If any part of the source code for this software is distributed, then this\par
README file must be included, with this copyright and no-warranty notice\par
unaltered; and any additions, deletions, or changes to the original files\par
must be clearly indicated in accompanying documentation.\par
(2) If only executable code is distributed, then the accompanying\par
documentation must state that "this software is based in part on the work of\par
the Independent JPEG Group".\par
(3) Permission for use of this software is granted only if the user accepts\par
full responsibility for any undesirable consequences; the authors accept\par
NO LIABILITY for damages of any kind.\par
\par
These conditions apply to any software derived from or based on the IJG code,\par
not just to the unmodified library.  If you use our work, you ought to\par
acknowledge us.\par
\par
Permission is NOT granted for the use of any IJG author's name or company name\par
in advertising or publicity relating to this software or products derived from\par
it.  This software may be referred to only as "the Independent JPEG Group's\par
software".\par
\par
We specifically permit and encourage the use of this software as the basis of\par
commercial products, provided that all warranty or liability claims are\par
assumed by the product vendor.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to JOpt-Simple v3.0,  which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
 Copyright (c) 2004-2009 Paul R. Holser, Jr.\par
\par
 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
 a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
 "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
 without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
 distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
 permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
 the following conditions:\par
\par
 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be\par
 included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
 EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
 MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
 NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE\par
 LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION\par
 OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION\par
 WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Kerberos functionality, which \par
which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
 (C) Copyright IBM Corp. 1999 All Rights Reserved.\par
 Copyright 1997 The Open Group Research Institute. All rights reserved.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Kerberos functionality from \par
FundsXpress, INC., which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 1998 by the FundsXpress, INC.\par
\par
 All rights reserved.\par
\par
 Export of this software from the United States of America may require\par
 a specific license from the United States Government.  It is the\par
 responsibility of any person or organization contemplating export to\par
 obtain such a license before exporting.\par
\par
 WITHIN THAT CONSTRAINT, permission to use, copy, modify, and\par
 distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and\par
 without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright\par
 notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and\par
 this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that\par
 the name of FundsXpress. not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining\par
 to distribution of the software without specific, written prior\par
 permission.  FundsXpress makes no representations about the suitability of\par
 this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express\par
 or implied warranty.\par
\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
 WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Kronos OpenGL headers, which is \par
included with JDK 7 and OpenJDK 7 source distributions.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
 Copyright (c) 2007 The Khronos Group Inc.\par
\par
 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
 of this software and/or associated documentation files (the "Materials"), to\par
 deal in the Materials without restriction, including without limitation the\par
 rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or\par
 sell copies of the Materials, and to permit persons to whom the Materials are\par
 furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all\par
 copies or substantial portions of the Materials.\par
\par
 THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
 IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
 AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
 LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
 OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE MATERIALS OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE\par
 MATERIALS.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% Portions Copyright Eastman Kodak Company 1992\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to libpng 1.5.4, which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
This copy of the libpng notices is provided for your convenience.  In case of\par
any discrepancy between this copy and the notices in the file png.h that is\par
included in the libpng distribution, the latter shall prevail.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE:\par
\par
If you modify libpng you may insert additional notices immediately following\par
this sentence.\par
\par
This code is released under the libpng license.\par
\par
libpng versions 1.2.6, August 15, 2004, through 1.5.4, July 7, 2011, are\par
Copyright (c) 2004, 2006-2011 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are\par
distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-1.2.5\par
with the following individual added to the list of Contributing Authors\par
\par
   Cosmin Truta\par
\par
libpng versions 1.0.7, July 1, 2000, through 1.2.5 - October 3, 2002, are\par
Copyright (c) 2000-2002 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are\par
distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-1.0.6\par
with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors\par
\par
   Simon-Pierre Cadieux\par
   Eric S. Raymond\par
   Gilles Vollant\par
\par
and with the following additions to the disclaimer:\par
\par
   There is no warranty against interference with your enjoyment of the\par
   library or against infringement.  There is no warranty that our\par
   efforts or the library will fulfill any of your particular purposes\par
   or needs.  This library is provided with all faults, and the entire\par
   risk of satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy, and effort is with\par
   the user.\par
\par
libpng versions 0.97, January 1998, through 1.0.6, March 20, 2000, are\par
Copyright (c) 1998, 1999 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are\par
distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.96,\par
with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors:\par
\par
   Tom Lane\par
   Glenn Randers-Pehrson\par
   Willem van Schaik\par
\par
libpng versions 0.89, June 1996, through 0.96, May 1997, are\par
Copyright (c) 1996, 1997 Andreas Dilger\par
Distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.88,\par
with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors:\par
\par
   John Bowler\par
   Kevin Bracey\par
   Sam Bushell\par
   Magnus Holmgren\par
   Greg Roelofs\par
   Tom Tanner\par
\par
libpng versions 0.5, May 1995, through 0.88, January 1996, are\par
Copyright (c) 1995, 1996 Guy Eric Schalnat, Group 42, Inc.\par
\par
For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Contributing Authors"\par
is defined as the following set of individuals:\par
\par
   Andreas Dilger\par
   Dave Martindale\par
   Guy Eric Schalnat\par
   Paul Schmidt\par
   Tim Wegner\par
\par
The PNG Reference Library is supplied "AS IS".  The Contributing Authors\par
and Group 42, Inc. disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied,\par
including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability and of\par
fitness for any purpose.  The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc.\par
assume no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary,\par
or consequential damages, which may result from the use of the PNG\par
Reference Library, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
source code, or portions hereof, for any purpose, without fee, subject\par
to the following restrictions:\par
\par
1. The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented.\par
\par
2. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and must not\par
   be misrepresented as being the original source.\par
\par
3. This Copyright notice may not be removed or altered from any\par
   source or altered source distribution.\par
\par
The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. specifically permit, without\par
fee, and encourage the use of this source code as a component to\par
supporting the PNG file format in commercial products.  If you use this\par
source code in a product, acknowledgment is not required but would be\par
appreciated.\par
\par
\par
A "png_get_copyright" function is available, for convenient use in "about"\par
boxes and the like:\par
\par
   printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL));\par
\par
Also, the PNG logo (in PNG format, of course) is supplied in the\par
files "pngbar.png" and "pngbar.jpg (88x31) and "pngnow.png" (98x31).\par
\par
Libpng is OSI Certified Open Source Software.  OSI Certified Open Source is a\par
certification mark of the Open Source Initiative.\par
\par
Glenn Randers-Pehrson\par
glennrp at users.sourceforge.net\par
July 7, 2011\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to libungif 4.1.3, which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
The GIFLIB distribution is Copyright (c) 1997  Eric S. Raymond\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN\par
THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Little CMS 2.0, which is \par
included with OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Little CMS\par
Copyright (c) 1998-2010 Marti Maria Saguer\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all\par
copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% Lucida is a registered trademark or trademark of Bigelow & Holmes in the\par
U.S. and other countries.\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Mesa 3D Graphics Library v4.1,\par
which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7 source distributions.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
 Mesa 3-D graphics library\par
 Version:  4.1\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 1999-2002  Brian Paul   All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a\par
 copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),\par
 to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation\par
 the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,\par
 and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the\par
 Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
 in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
 OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL\par
 BRIAN PAUL BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
 AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN\par
 CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to PC/SC Lite for Suse Linux v.1.1.1,\par
which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7 on Linux and Solaris.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999-2004 David Corcoran <corcoran@linuxnet.com>\par
Copyright (c) 1999-2004 Ludovic Rousseau <ludovic.rousseau (at) free.fr>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
   must display the following acknowledgement:\par
     This product includes software developed by: \par
      David Corcoran <corcoran@linuxnet.com>\par
      http://www.linuxnet.com (MUSCLE)\par
4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
Changes to this license can be made only by the copyright author with \par
explicit written consent.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Relax NG Object/Parser v.20050510,\par
which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright (c) Kohsuke Kawaguchi\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright\par
notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or\par
substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to RelaxNGCC v1.12, which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000-2003 Daisuke Okajima and Kohsuke Kawaguchi.  \par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, must\par
   include the following acknowledgment:\par
\par
    "This product includes software developed by Daisuke Okajima\par
    and Kohsuke Kawaguchi (http://relaxngcc.sf.net/)."\par
\par
Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself, if and\par
wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.\par
\par
4. The names of the copyright holders must not be used to endorse or promote\par
   products derived from this software without prior written permission. For\par
   written permission, please contact the copyright holders.\par
\par
5. Products derived from this software may not be called "RELAXNGCC", nor may\par
  "RELAXNGCC" appear in their name, without prior written permission of the\par
  copyright holders.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE\par
SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,\par
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Mozilla Rhino v1.7R3, which \par
is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
                          MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE\par
                                Version 1.1\par
\par
                              ---------------\par
\par
1. Definitions.\par
\par
     1.0.1. "Commercial Use" means distribution or otherwise making the\par
     Covered Code available to a third party.\par
\par
     1.1. "Contributor" means each entity that creates or contributes to\par
     the creation of Modifications.\par
\par
     1.2. "Contributor Version" means the combination of the Original\par
     Code, prior Modifications used by a Contributor, and the Modifications\par
     made by that particular Contributor.\par
\par
     1.3. "Covered Code" means the Original Code or Modifications or the\par
     combination of the Original Code and Modifications, in each case\par
     including portions thereof.\par
\par
     1.4. "Electronic Distribution Mechanism" means a mechanism generally\par
     accepted in the software development community for the electronic\par
     transfer of data.\par
\par
     1.5. "Executable" means Covered Code in any form other than Source\par
     Code.\par
\par
     1.6. "Initial Developer" means the individual or entity identified\par
     as the Initial Developer in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit\par
     A.\par
\par
     1.7. "Larger Work" means a work which combines Covered Code or\par
     portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License.\par
\par
     1.8. "License" means this document.\par
\par
     1.8.1. "Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum\par
     extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or\par
     subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein.\par
\par
     1.9. "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion from the\par
     substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous\par
     Modifications. When Covered Code is released as a series of files, a\par
     Modification is:\par
          A. Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file\par
          containing Original Code or previous Modifications.\par
\par
          B. Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or\par
          previous Modifications.\par
\par
     1.10. "Original Code" means Source Code of computer software code\par
     which is described in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A as\par
     Original Code, and which, at the time of its release under this\par
     License is not already Covered Code governed by this License.\par
\par
     1.10.1. "Patent Claims" means any patent claim(s), now owned or\par
     hereafter acquired, including without limitation,  method, process,\par
     and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by grantor.\par
\par
     1.11. "Source Code" means the preferred form of the Covered Code for\par
     making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus\par
     any associated interface definition files, scripts used to control\par
     compilation and installation of an Executable, or source code\par
     differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another\par
     well known, available Covered Code of the Contributor's choice. The\par
     Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form, provided the\par
     appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available\par
     for no charge.\par
\par
     1.12. "You" (or "Your")  means an individual or a legal entity\par
     exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this\par
     License or a future version of this License issued under Section 6.1.\par
     For legal entities, "You" includes any entity which controls, is\par
     controlled by, or is under common control with You. For purposes of\par
     this definition, "control" means (a) the power, direct or indirect,\par
     to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by\par
     contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than fifty percent\par
     (50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such\par
     entity.\par
\par
2. Source Code License.\par
\par
     2.1. The Initial Developer Grant.\par
     The Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free,\par
     non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property\par
     claims:\par
          (a)  under intellectual property rights (other than patent or\par
          trademark) Licensable by Initial Developer to use, reproduce,\par
          modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original\par
          Code (or portions thereof) with or without Modifications, and/or\par
          as part of a Larger Work; and\par
\par
          (b) under Patents Claims infringed by the making, using or\par
          selling of Original Code, to make, have made, use, practice,\par
          sell, and offer for sale, and/or otherwise dispose of the\par
          Original Code (or portions thereof).\par
\par
          (c) the licenses granted in this Section 2.1(a) and (b) are\par
          effective on the date Initial Developer first distributes\par
          Original Code under the terms of this License.\par
\par
          (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.1(b) above, no patent license is\par
          granted: 1) for code that You delete from the Original Code; 2)\par
          separate from the Original Code;  or 3) for infringements caused\par
          by: i) the modification of the Original Code or ii) the\par
          combination of the Original Code with other software or devices.\par
\par
     2.2. Contributor Grant.\par
     Subject to third party intellectual property claims, each Contributor\par
     hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license\par
\par
          (a)  under intellectual property rights (other than patent or\par
          trademark) Licensable by Contributor, to use, reproduce, modify,\par
          display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Modifications\par
          created by such Contributor (or portions thereof) either on an\par
          unmodified basis, with other Modifications, as Covered Code\par
          and/or as part of a Larger Work; and\par
\par
          (b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using, or\par
          selling of  Modifications made by that Contributor either alone\par
          and/or in combination with its Contributor Version (or portions\par
          of such combination), to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have\par
          made, and/or otherwise dispose of: 1) Modifications made by that\par
          Contributor (or portions thereof); and 2) the combination of\par
          Modifications made by that Contributor with its Contributor\par
          Version (or portions of such combination).\par
\par
          (c) the licenses granted in Sections 2.2(a) and 2.2(b) are\par
          effective on the date Contributor first makes Commercial Use of\par
          the Covered Code.\par
\par
          (d)    Notwithstanding Section 2.2(b) above, no patent license is\par
          granted: 1) for any code that Contributor has deleted from the\par
          Contributor Version; 2)  separate from the Contributor Version;\par
          3)  for infringements caused by: i) third party modifications of\par
          Contributor Version or ii)  the combination of Modifications made\par
          by that Contributor with other software  (except as part of the\par
          Contributor Version) or other devices; or 4) under Patent Claims\par
          infringed by Covered Code in the absence of Modifications made by\par
          that Contributor.\par
\par
3. Distribution Obligations.\par
\par
     3.1. Application of License.\par
     The Modifications which You create or to which You contribute are\par
     governed by the terms of this License, including without limitation\par
     Section 2.2. The Source Code version of Covered Code may be\par
     distributed only under the terms of this License or a future version\par
     of this License released under Section 6.1, and You must include a\par
     copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code You\par
     distribute. You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code\par
     version that alters or restricts the applicable version of this\par
     License or the recipients' rights hereunder. However, You may include\par
     an additional document offering the additional rights described in\par
     Section 3.5.\par
\par
     3.2. Availability of Source Code.\par
     Any Modification which You create or to which You contribute must be\par
     made available in Source Code form under the terms of this License\par
     either on the same media as an Executable version or via an accepted\par
     Electronic Distribution Mechanism to anyone to whom you made an\par
     Executable version available; and if made available via Electronic\par
     Distribution Mechanism, must remain available for at least twelve (12)\par
     months after the date it initially became available, or at least six\par
     (6) months after a subsequent version of that particular Modification\par
     has been made available to such recipients. You are responsible for\par
     ensuring that the Source Code version remains available even if the\par
     Electronic Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party.\par
\par
     3.3. Description of Modifications.\par
     You must cause all Covered Code to which You contribute to contain a\par
     file documenting the changes You made to create that Covered Code and\par
     the date of any change. You must include a prominent statement that\par
     the Modification is derived, directly or indirectly, from Original\par
     Code provided by the Initial Developer and including the name of the\par
     Initial Developer in (a) the Source Code, and (b) in any notice in an\par
     Executable version or related documentation in which You describe the\par
     origin or ownership of the Covered Code.\par
\par
     3.4. Intellectual Property Matters\par
          (a) Third Party Claims.\par
          If Contributor has knowledge that a license under a third party's\par
          intellectual property rights is required to exercise the rights\par
          granted by such Contributor under Sections 2.1 or 2.2,\par
          Contributor must include a text file with the Source Code\par
          distribution titled "LEGAL" which describes the claim and the\par
          party making the claim in sufficient detail that a recipient will\par
          know whom to contact. If Contributor obtains such knowledge after\par
          the Modification is made available as described in Section 3.2,\par
          Contributor shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in all copies\par
          Contributor makes available thereafter and shall take other steps\par
          (such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups)\par
          reasonably calculated to inform those who received the Covered\par
          Code that new knowledge has been obtained.\par
\par
          (b) Contributor APIs.\par
          If Contributor's Modifications include an application programming\par
          interface and Contributor has knowledge of patent licenses which\par
          are reasonably necessary to implement that API, Contributor must\par
          also include this information in the LEGAL file.\par
\par
               (c)    Representations.\par
          Contributor represents that, except as disclosed pursuant to\par
          Section 3.4(a) above, Contributor believes that Contributor's\par
          Modifications are Contributor's original creation(s) and/or\par
          Contributor has sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by\par
          this License.\par
\par
     3.5. Required Notices.\par
     You must duplicate the notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source\par
     Code.  If it is not possible to put such notice in a particular Source\par
     Code file due to its structure, then You must include such notice in a\par
     location (such as a relevant directory) where a user would be likely\par
     to look for such a notice.  If You created one or more Modification(s)\par
     You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in\par
     Exhibit A.  You must also duplicate this License in any documentation\par
     for the Source Code where You describe recipients' rights or ownership\par
     rights relating to Covered Code.  You may choose to offer, and to\par
     charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability\par
     obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code. However, You\par
     may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of the Initial\par
     Developer or any Contributor. You must make it absolutely clear than\par
     any such warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligation is\par
     offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial\par
     Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the\par
     Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of warranty,\par
     support, indemnity or liability terms You offer.\par
\par
     3.6. Distribution of Executable Versions.\par
     You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the\par
     requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code,\par
     and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of\par
     the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License,\par
     including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the\par
     obligations of Section 3.2. The notice must be conspicuously included\par
     in any notice in an Executable version, related documentation or\par
     collateral in which You describe recipients' rights relating to the\par
     Covered Code. You may distribute the Executable version of Covered\par
     Code or ownership rights under a license of Your choice, which may\par
     contain terms different from this License, provided that You are in\par
     compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the\par
     Executable version does not attempt to limit or alter the recipient's\par
     rights in the Source Code version from the rights set forth in this\par
     License. If You distribute the Executable version under a different\par
     license You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ\par
     from this License are offered by You alone, not by the Initial\par
     Developer or any Contributor. You hereby agree to indemnify the\par
     Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by\par
     the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such\par
     terms You offer.\par
\par
     3.7. Larger Works.\par
     You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code\par
     not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger\par
     Work as a single product. In such a case, You must make sure the\par
     requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code.\par
\par
4. Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation.\par
\par
     If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this\par
     License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to\par
     statute, judicial order, or regulation then You must: (a) comply with\par
     the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b)\par
     describe the limitations and the code they affect. Such description\par
     must be included in the LEGAL file described in Section 3.4 and must\par
     be included with all distributions of the Source Code. Except to the\par
     extent prohibited by statute or regulation, such description must be\par
     sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill to be able to\par
     understand it.\par
\par
5. Application of this License.\par
\par
     This License applies to code to which the Initial Developer has\par
     attached the notice in Exhibit A and to related Covered Code.\par
\par
6. Versions of the License.\par
\par
     6.1. New Versions.\par
     Netscape Communications Corporation ("Netscape") may publish revised\par
     and/or new versions of the License from time to time. Each version\par
     will be given a distinguishing version number.\par
\par
     6.2. Effect of New Versions.\par
     Once Covered Code has been published under a particular version of the\par
     License, You may always continue to use it under the terms of that\par
     version. You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms\par
     of any subsequent version of the License published by Netscape. No one\par
     other than Netscape has the right to modify the terms applicable to\par
     Covered Code created under this License.\par
\par
     6.3. Derivative Works.\par
     If You create or use a modified version of this License (which you may\par
     only do in order to apply it to code which is not already Covered Code\par
     governed by this License), You must (a) rename Your license so that\par
     the phrases "Mozilla", "MOZILLAPL", "MOZPL", "Netscape",\par
     "MPL", "NPL" or any confusingly similar phrase do not appear in your\par
     license (except to note that your license differs from this License)\par
     and (b) otherwise make it clear that Your version of the license\par
     contains terms which differ from the Mozilla Public License and\par
     Netscape Public License. (Filling in the name of the Initial\par
     Developer, Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in\par
     Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of\par
     this License.)\par
\par
7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.\par
\par
     COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED UNDER THIS LICENSE ON AN "AS IS" BASIS,\par
     WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,\par
     WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE COVERED CODE IS FREE OF\par
     DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING.\par
     THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE\par
     IS WITH YOU. SHOULD ANY COVERED CODE PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT,\par
     YOU (NOT THE INITIAL DEVELOPER OR ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR) ASSUME THE\par
     COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER\par
     OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF\par
     ANY COVERED CODE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.\par
\par
8. TERMINATION.\par
\par
     8.1.  This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate\par
     automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure\par
     such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All\par
     sublicenses to the Covered Code which are properly granted shall\par
     survive any termination of this License. Provisions which, by their\par
     nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License\par
     shall survive.\par
\par
     8.2.  If You initiate litigation by asserting a patent infringement\par
     claim (excluding declatory judgment actions) against Initial Developer\par
     or a Contributor (the Initial Developer or Contributor against whom\par
     You file such action is referred to as "Participant")  alleging that:\par
\par
     (a)  such Participant's Contributor Version directly or indirectly\par
     infringes any patent, then any and all rights granted by such\par
     Participant to You under Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 of this License\par
     shall, upon 60 days notice from Participant terminate prospectively,\par
     unless if within 60 days after receipt of notice You either: (i)\par
     agree in writing to pay Participant a mutually agreeable reasonable\par
     royalty for Your past and future use of Modifications made by such\par
     Participant, or (ii) withdraw Your litigation claim with respect to\par
     the Contributor Version against such Participant.  If within 60 days\par
     of notice, a reasonable royalty and payment arrangement are not\par
     mutually agreed upon in writing by the parties or the litigation claim\par
     is not withdrawn, the rights granted by Participant to You under\par
     Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 automatically terminate at the expiration of\par
     the 60 day notice period specified above.\par
\par
     (b)  any software, hardware, or device, other than such Participant's\par
     Contributor Version, directly or indirectly infringes any patent, then\par
     any rights granted to You by such Participant under Sections 2.1(b)\par
     and 2.2(b) are revoked effective as of the date You first made, used,\par
     sold, distributed, or had made, Modifications made by that\par
     Participant.\par
\par
     8.3.  If You assert a patent infringement claim against Participant\par
     alleging that such Participant's Contributor Version directly or\par
     indirectly infringes any patent where such claim is resolved (such as\par
     by license or settlement) prior to the initiation of patent\par
     infringement litigation, then the reasonable value of the licenses\par
     granted by such Participant under Sections 2.1 or 2.2 shall be taken\par
     into account in determining the amount or value of any payment or\par
     license.\par
\par
     8.4.  In the event of termination under Sections 8.1 or 8.2 above,\par
     all end user license agreements (excluding distributors and resellers)\par
     which have been validly granted by You or any distributor hereunder\par
     prior to termination shall survive termination.\par
\par
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.\par
\par
     UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER TORT\par
     (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL YOU, THE INITIAL\par
     DEVELOPER, ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY DISTRIBUTOR OF COVERED CODE,\par
     OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES, BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR\par
     ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY\par
     CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL,\par
     WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER\par
     COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN\par
     INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF\par
     LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY\par
     RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW\par
     PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE\par
     EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO\par
     THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.\par
\par
10. U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS.\par
\par
     The Covered Code is a "commercial item," as that term is defined in\par
     48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of "commercial computer\par
     software" and "commercial computer software documentation," as such\par
     terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48\par
     C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995),\par
     all U.S. Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only those\par
     rights set forth herein.\par
\par
11. MISCELLANEOUS.\par
\par
     This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject\par
     matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be\par
     unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent\par
     necessary to make it enforceable. This License shall be governed by\par
     California law provisions (except to the extent applicable law, if\par
     any, provides otherwise), excluding its conflict-of-law provisions.\par
     With respect to disputes in which at least one party is a citizen of,\par
     or an entity chartered or registered to do business in the United\par
     States of America, any litigation relating to this License shall be\par
     subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the Northern\par
     District of California, with venue lying in Santa Clara County,\par
     California, with the losing party responsible for costs, including\par
     without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and\par
     expenses. The application of the United Nations Convention on\par
     Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.\par
     Any law or regulation which provides that the language of a contract\par
     shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this\par
     License.\par
\par
12. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS.\par
\par
     As between Initial Developer and the Contributors, each party is\par
     responsible for claims and damages arising, directly or indirectly,\par
     out of its utilization of rights under this License and You agree to\par
     work with Initial Developer and Contributors to distribute such\par
     responsibility on an equitable basis. Nothing herein is intended or\par
     shall be deemed to constitute any admission of liability.\par
\par
13. MULTIPLE-LICENSED CODE.\par
\par
     Initial Developer may designate portions of the Covered Code as\par
     "Multiple-Licensed".  "Multiple-Licensed" means that the Initial\par
     Developer permits you to utilize portions of the Covered Code under\par
     Your choice of the NPL or the alternative licenses, if any, specified\par
     by the Initial Developer in the file described in Exhibit A.\par
\par
EXHIBIT A - Mozilla Public License.\par
\par
     ``The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License\par
     Version 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in\par
     compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
     http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/\par
\par
     Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS"\par
     basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the\par
     License for the specific language governing rights and limitations\par
     under the License.\par
\par
     The Original Code is ______________________________________.\par
\par
     The Initial Developer of the Original Code is ________________________.\par
     Portions created by ______________________ are Copyright (C) ______\par
     _______________________. All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
     Contributor(s): ______________________________________.\par
\par
     Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms\par
     of the _____ license (the  "[___] License"), in which case the\par
     provisions of [______] License are applicable instead of those\par
     above.  If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only\par
     under the terms of the [____] License and not to allow others to use\par
     your version of this file under the MPL, indicate your decision by\par
     deleting  the provisions above and replace  them with the notice and\par
     other provisions required by the [___] License.  If you do not delete\par
     the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file\par
     under either the MPL or the [___] License."\par
\par
     [NOTE: The text of this Exhibit A may differ slightly from the text of\par
     the notices in the Source Code files of the Original Code. You should\par
     use the text of this Exhibit A rather than the text found in the\par
     Original Code Source Code for Your Modifications.]\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to SAX 2.0.1, which is included \par
with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
 SAX is free!\par
\par
 In fact, it's not possible to own a license to SAX, since it's been placed in\par
 the public domain.\par
\par
 No Warranty\par
\par
 Because SAX is released to the public domain, there is no warranty for the\par
 design or for the software implementation, to the extent permitted by\par
 applicable law. Except when otherwise stated in writing the copyright holders\par
 and/or other parties provide SAX "as is" without warranty of any kind, either\par
 expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties\par
 of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The entire risk as\par
 to the quality and performance of SAX is with you. Should SAX prove\par
 defective, you assume the cost of all necessary servicing, repair or\par
 correction.\par
\par
 In no event unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing will\par
 any copyright holder, or any other party who may modify and/or redistribute\par
 SAX, be liable to you for damages, including any general, special, incidental\par
 or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use SAX\par
 (including but not limited to loss of data or data being rendered inaccurate\par
 or losses sustained by you or third parties or a failure of the SAX to\par
 operate with any other programs), even if such holder or other party has been\par
 advised of the possibility of such damages.\par
\par
 Copyright Disclaimers \par
\par
 This page includes statements to that effect by David Megginson, who would\par
 have been able to claim copyright for the original work.  SAX 1.0\par
\par
 Version 1.0 of the Simple API for XML (SAX), created collectively by the\par
 membership of the XML-DEV mailing list, is hereby released into the public\par
 domain.\par
\par
 No one owns SAX: you may use it freely in both commercial and non-commercial\par
 applications, bundle it with your software distribution, include it on a\par
 CD-ROM, list the source code in a book, mirror the documentation at your own\par
 web site, or use it in any other way you see fit.\par
\par
 David Megginson, sax@megginson.com\par
 1998-05-11\par
\par
 SAX 2.0 \par
\par
 I hereby abandon any property rights to SAX 2.0 (the Simple API for XML), and\par
 release all of the SAX 2.0 source code, compiled code, and documentation\par
 contained in this distribution into the Public Domain. SAX comes with NO\par
 WARRANTY or guarantee of fitness for any purpose.\par
\par
 David Megginson, david@megginson.com\par
 2000-05-05\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to SoftFloat version 2b, which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7 on Linux/ARM.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below:\par
\par
SoftFloat was written by me, John R. Hauser. This work was made possible in \par
part by the International Computer Science Institute, located at Suite 600, \par
1947 Center Street, Berkeley, California 94704. Funding was partially \par
provided by the National Science Foundation under grant MIP-9311980. The \par
original version of this code was written as part of a project to build \par
a fixed-point vector processor in collaboration with the University of \par
California at Berkeley, overseen by Profs. Nelson Morgan and John Wawrzynek. \par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS DISTRIBUTED AS IS, FOR FREE. Although reasonable effort \par
has been made to avoid it, THIS SOFTWARE MAY CONTAIN FAULTS THAT WILL AT \par
TIMES RESULT IN INCORRECT BEHAVIOR. USE OF THIS SOFTWARE IS RESTRICTED TO \par
PERSONS AND ORGANIZATIONS WHO CAN AND WILL TAKE FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL \par
LOSSES, COSTS, OR OTHER PROBLEMS THEY INCUR DUE TO THE SOFTWARE, AND WHO \par
FURTHERMORE EFFECTIVELY INDEMNIFY JOHN HAUSER AND THE INTERNATIONAL COMPUTER \par
SCIENCE INSTITUTE (possibly via similar legal warning) AGAINST ALL LOSSES, \par
COSTS, OR OTHER PROBLEMS INCURRED BY THEIR CUSTOMERS AND CLIENTS DUE TO THE \par
SOFTWARE. \par
\par
Derivative works are acceptable, even for commercial purposes, provided \par
that the minimal documentation requirements stated in the source code are \par
satisfied. \par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% Portions licensed from Taligent, Inc.\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Thai Dictionary, which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1982 The Royal Institute, Thai Royal Government.\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998 National Electronics and Computer Technology Center,\par
National Science and Technology Development Agency,\par
Ministry of Science Technology and Environment,\par
Thai Royal Government.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all\par
copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Unicode 6.0.0, CLDR v1.4.1, & CLDR\par
v1.9, which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Unicode Terms of Use\par
\par
For the general privacy policy governing access to this site, see the Unicode\par
Privacy Policy. For trademark usage, see the Unicode \u174R Consortium Name and\par
Trademark Usage Policy.\par
\par
A. Unicode Copyright.\par
   1. Copyright \u169C 1991-2011 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
   2. Certain documents and files on this website contain a legend indicating\par
      that "Modification is permitted." Any person is hereby authorized,\par
      without fee, to modify such documents and files to create derivative\par
      works conforming to the Unicode \u174R Standard, subject to Terms and\par
      Conditions herein.\par
\par
    3. Any person is hereby authorized, without fee, to view, use, reproduce,\par
       and distribute all documents and files solely for informational\par
       purposes in the creation of products supporting the Unicode Standard,\par
       subject to the Terms and Conditions herein.\par
\par
    4. Further specifications of rights and restrictions pertaining to the use\par
       of the particular set of data files known as the "Unicode Character\par
       Database" can be found in Exhibit 1.\par
\par
    5. Each version of the Unicode Standard has further specifications of\par
       rights and restrictions of use. For the book editions (Unicode 5.0 and\par
       earlier), these are found on the back of the title page. The online\par
       code charts carry specific restrictions. All other files, including\par
       online documentation of the core specification for Unicode 6.0 and\par
       later, are covered under these general Terms of Use.\par
\par
    6. No license is granted to "mirror" the Unicode website where a fee is\par
       charged for access to the "mirror" site.\par
\par
    7. Modification is not permitted with respect to this document. All copies\par
       of this document must be verbatim.\par
\par
B. Restricted Rights Legend. Any technical data or software which is licensed\par
   to the United States of America, its agencies and/or instrumentalities\par
   under this Agreement is commercial technical data or commercial computer\par
   software developed exclusively at private expense as defined in FAR 2.101,\par
   or DFARS 252.227-7014 (June 1995), as applicable. For technical data, use,\par
   duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as\par
   set forth in DFARS 202.227-7015 Technical Data, Commercial and Items (Nov\par
   1995) and this Agreement. For Software, in accordance with FAR 12-212 or\par
   DFARS 227-7202, as applicable, use, duplication or disclosure by the\par
   Government is subject to the restrictions set forth in this Agreement.\par
\par
C. Warranties and Disclaimers.\par
   1. This publication and/or website may include technical or typographical\par
      errors or other inaccuracies . Changes are periodically added to the\par
      information herein; these changes will be incorporated in new editions\par
      of the publication and/or website. Unicode may make improvements and/or\par
      changes in the product(s) and/or program(s) described in this\par
      publication and/or website at any time.\par
\par
    2. If this file has been purchased on magnetic or optical media from\par
       Unicode, Inc. the sole and exclusive remedy for any claim will be\par
       exchange of the defective media within ninety (90) days of original\par
       purchase.\par
\par
    3. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION C.2, THIS PUBLICATION AND/OR SOFTWARE IS\par
       PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED,\par
       OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF\par
       MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.\par
       UNICODE AND ITS LICENSORS ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ERRORS OR\par
       OMISSIONS IN THIS PUBLICATION AND/OR SOFTWARE OR OTHER DOCUMENTS WHICH\par
       ARE REFERENCED BY OR LINKED TO THIS PUBLICATION OR THE UNICODE WEBSITE.\par
\par
D. Waiver of Damages. In no event shall Unicode or its licensors be liable for\par
   any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or\par
   any damages whatsoever, whether or not Unicode was advised of the\par
   possibility of the damage, including, without limitation, those resulting\par
   from the following: loss of use, data or profits, in connection with the\par
   use, modification or distribution of this information or its derivatives.\par
\par
E.Trademarks & Logos.\par
   1. The Unicode Word Mark and the Unicode Logo are trademarks of Unicode,\par
      Inc.  "The Unicode Consortium" and "Unicode, Inc." are trade names of\par
      Unicode, Inc.  Use of the information and materials found on this\par
      website indicates your acknowledgement of Unicode, Inc.'s exclusive\par
      worldwide rights in the Unicode Word Mark, the Unicode Logo, and the\par
      Unicode trade names.\par
\par
   2. The Unicode Consortium Name and Trademark Usage Policy ("Trademark\par
      Policy") are incorporated herein by reference and you agree to abide by\par
      the provisions of the Trademark Policy, which may be changed from time\par
      to time in the sole discretion of Unicode, Inc.\par
\par
   3. All third party trademarks referenced herein are the property of their\par
      respective owners.\par
\par
Miscellaneous.\par
   1. Jurisdiction and Venue. This server is operated from a location in the\par
      State of California, United States of America. Unicode makes no\par
      representation that the materials are appropriate for use in other\par
      locations. If you access this server from other locations, you are\par
      responsible for compliance with local laws. This Agreement, all use of\par
      this site and any claims and damages resulting from use of this site are\par
      governed solely by the laws of the State of California without regard to\par
      any principles which would apply the laws of a different jurisdiction.\par
      The user agrees that any disputes regarding this site shall be resolved\par
      solely in the courts located in Santa Clara County, California. The user\par
      agrees said courts have personal jurisdiction and agree to waive any\par
      right to transfer the dispute to any other forum.\par
\par
   2. Modification by Unicode.  Unicode shall have the right to modify this\par
      Agreement at any time by posting it to this site. The user may not\par
      assign any part of this Agreement without Unicode's prior written\par
      consent.\par
\par
   3. Taxes. The user agrees to pay any taxes arising from access to this\par
      website or use of the information herein, except for those based on\par
      Unicode's net income.\par
\par
   4. Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is declared invalid or\par
      unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain\par
      in effect.\par
\par
   5. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement\par
      between the parties.\par
\par
EXHIBIT 1\par
UNICODE, INC. LICENSE AGREEMENT - DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE\par
\par
Unicode Data Files include all data files under the directories\par
http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/, and\par
http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/. Unicode Data Files do not include PDF\par
online code charts under the directory http://www.unicode.org/Public/.\par
Software includes any source code published in the Unicode Standard or under\par
the directories http://www.unicode.org/Public/,\par
http://www.unicode.org/reports/, and http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/.\par
\par
NOTICE TO USER: Carefully read the following legal agreement. BY DOWNLOADING,\par
INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING UNICODE INC.'S DATA FILES ("DATA\par
FILES"), AND/OR SOFTWARE ("SOFTWARE"), YOU UNEQUIVOCALLY ACCEPT, AND AGREE TO\par
BE BOUND BY, ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT\par
AGREE, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY, DISTRIBUTE OR USE THE DATA FILES OR\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE\par
\par
Copyright \u169C 1991-2011 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved. Distributed under the\par
Terms of Use in http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of the Unicode data files and any associated documentation (the "Data Files")\par
or Unicode software and any associated documentation (the "Software") to deal\par
in the Data Files or Software without restriction, including without\par
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or\par
sell copies of the Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the\par
Data Files or Software are furnished to do so, provided that (a) the above\par
copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear with all copies of the\par
Data Files or Software, (b) both the above copyright notice(s) and this\par
permission notice appear in associated documentation, and (c) there is clear\par
notice in each modified Data File or in the Software as well as in the\par
documentation associated with the Data File(s) or Software that the data or\par
software has been modified.\par
\par
THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY\par
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD\par
PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN\par
THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR\par
PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS\par
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE\par
DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not\par
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings\par
in these Data Files or Software without prior written authorization of the\par
copyright holder.\par
\par
Unicode and the Unicode logo are trademarks of Unicode, Inc. in the United\par
States and other countries. All third party trademarks referenced herein are\par
the property of their respective owners.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to UPX v3.01, which is included \par
with JRE 7 on Windows.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Use of any of this software is governed by the terms of the license below:\par
\par
\par
                 ooooo     ooo ooooooooo.   ooooooo  ooooo\par
                 `888'     `8' `888   `Y88.  `8888    d8'\par
                  888       8   888   .d88'    Y888..8P\par
                  888       8   888ooo88P'      `8888'\par
                  888       8   888            .8PY888.\par
                  `88.    .8'   888           d8'  `888b\par
                    `YbodP'    o888o        o888o  o88888o\par
\par
\par
                    The Ultimate Packer for eXecutables\par
          Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Markus Oberhumer & Laszlo Molnar\par
               http://wildsau.idv.uni-linz.ac.at/mfx/upx.html\par
                          http://www.nexus.hu/upx\par
                            http://upx.tsx.org\par
\par
\par
PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT, ESPECIALLY IF YOU PLAN\par
TO MODIFY THE UPX SOURCE CODE OR USE A MODIFIED UPX VERSION.\par
\par
\par
ABSTRACT\par
========\par
\par
   UPX and UCL are copyrighted software distributed under the terms\par
   of the GNU General Public License (hereinafter the "GPL").\par
\par
   The stub which is imbedded in each UPX compressed program is part\par
   of UPX and UCL, and contains code that is under our copyright. The\par
   terms of the GNU General Public License still apply as compressing\par
   a program is a special form of linking with our stub.\par
\par
   As a special exception we grant the free usage of UPX for all\par
   executables, including commercial programs.\par
   See below for details and restrictions.\par
\par
\par
COPYRIGHT\par
=========\par
\par
   UPX and UCL are copyrighted software. All rights remain with the authors.\par
\par
   UPX is Copyright (C) 1996-2000 Markus Franz Xaver Johannes Oberhumer\par
   UPX is Copyright (C) 1996-2000 Laszlo Molnar\par
\par
   UCL is Copyright (C) 1996-2000 Markus Franz Xaver Johannes Oberhumer\par
\par
\par
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
==========================\par
\par
   UPX and the UCL library are free software; you can redistribute them\par
   and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU General Public License as\par
   published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of\par
   the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
   UPX and UCL are distributed in the hope that they will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
   along with this program; see the file COPYING.\par
\par
\par
SPECIAL EXCEPTION FOR COMPRESSED EXECUTABLES\par
============================================\par
\par
   The stub which is imbedded in each UPX compressed program is part\par
   of UPX and UCL, and contains code that is under our copyright. The\par
   terms of the GNU General Public License still apply as compressing\par
   a program is a special form of linking with our stub.\par
\par
   Hereby Markus F.X.J. Oberhumer and Laszlo Molnar grant you special\par
   permission to freely use and distribute all UPX compressed programs\par
   (including commercial ones), subject to the following restrictions:\par
\par
   1. You must compress your program with a completely unmodified UPX\par
      version; either with our precompiled version, or (at your option)\par
      with a self compiled version of the unmodified UPX sources as\par
      distributed by us.\par
   2. This also implies that the UPX stub must be completely unmodfied, i.e.\par
      the stub imbedded in your compressed program must be byte-identical\par
      to the stub that is produced by the official unmodified UPX version.\par
   3. The decompressor and any other code from the stub must exclusively get\par
      used by the unmodified UPX stub for decompressing your program at\par
      program startup. No portion of the stub may get read, copied,\par
      called or otherwise get used or accessed by your program.\par
\par
\par
ANNOTATIONS\par
===========\par
\par
  - You can use a modified UPX version or modified UPX stub only for\par
    programs that are compatible with the GNU General Public License.\par
\par
  - We grant you special permission to freely use and distribute all UPX\par
    compressed programs. But any modification of the UPX stub (such as,\par
    but not limited to, removing our copyright string or making your\par
    program non-decompressible) will immediately revoke your right to\par
    use and distribute a UPX compressed program.\par
\par
  - UPX is not a software protection tool; by requiring that you use\par
    the unmodified UPX version for your proprietary programs we\par
    make sure that any user can decompress your program. This protects\par
    both you and your users as nobody can hide malicious code -\par
    any program that cannot be decompressed is highly suspicious\par
    by definition.\par
\par
  - You can integrate all or part of UPX and UCL into projects that\par
    are compatible with the GNU GPL, but obviously you cannot grant\par
    any special exceptions beyond the GPL for our code in your project.\par
\par
  - We want to actively support manufacturers of virus scanners and\par
    similar security software. Please contact us if you would like to\par
    incorporate parts of UPX or UCL into such a product.\par
\par
\par
\par
Markus F.X.J. Oberhumer                   Laszlo Molnar\par
markus.oberhumer@jk.uni-linz.ac.at        ml1050@cdata.tvnet.hu\par
\par
Linz, Austria, 25 Feb 2000\par
\par
Additional License(s)\par
\par
The UPX license file is at http://upx.sourceforge.net/upx-license.html.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to Xfree86-VidMode Extension 1.0,\par
which is included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7 on Linux and Solaris.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
Version 1.1 of XFree86 ProjectLicence.\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1994-2004 The XFree86 Project, Inc.    All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of\par
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicence, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished\par
to do so,subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice,this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution, and in the same place\par
   and form as other copyright, license and disclaimer information.\par
\par
   3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any,must\par
   include the following acknowledgment: "This product includes\par
   software developed by The XFree86 Project, Inc (http://www.xfree86.org/) and\par
   its contributors", in the same place and form as other third-party\par
   acknowledgments. Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software\par
   itself, in the same form and location as other such third-party\par
   acknowledgments.\par
\par
    4. Except as contained in this notice, the name of The XFree86 Project,Inc\par
    shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use\par
    or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from\par
    The XFree86 Project, Inc.\par
\par
    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
    WARRANTIES,INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
    MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO\par
    EVENT SHALL THE XFREE86 PROJECT, INC OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
    DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
    (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
    SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
    CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
    LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
    OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH\par
    DAMAGE.  \par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to X Window System 6.8.2, which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7 on Linux and Solaris.\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
          Licenses\par
The X.Org Foundation March 2004\par
\par
1. Introduction\par
\par
The X.org Foundation X Window System distribution is a compilation of code and\par
documentation from many sources. This document is intended primarily as a\par
guide to the licenses used in the distribution: you must check each file\par
and/or package for precise redistribution terms. None-the-less, this summary\par
may be useful to many users. No software incorporating the XFree86 1.1 license\par
has been incorporated.\par
\par
This document is based on the compilation from XFree86.\par
\par
2. XFree86 License\par
\par
XFree86 code without an explicit copyright is covered by the following\par
copyright/license:\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1994-2003 The XFree86 Project, Inc. All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all\par
copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
XFREE86 PROJECT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER\par
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN\par
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of the XFree86 Project shall not\par
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings\par
in this Software without prior written authorization from the XFree86 Project.\par
\par
3. Other Licenses\par
\par
Portions of code are covered by the following licenses/copyrights. See\par
individual files for the copyright dates.\par
\par
3.1. X/MIT Copyrights\par
\par
3.1.1. X Consortium\par
\par
Copyright (C) <date> X Consortium\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all\par
copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE X\par
CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN\par
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION\par
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall not be\par
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in\par
this Software without prior written authorization from the X Consortium.\par
\par
X Window System is a trademark of X Consortium, Inc.\par
\par
3.1.2. The Open Group\par
\par
Copyright <date> The Open Group\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its\par
documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the\par
above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright\par
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all\par
copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
OPEN GROUP BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN\par
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION\par
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of The Open Group shall not be\par
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in\par
this Software without prior written authorization from The Open Group.  3.2.\par
Berkeley-based copyrights:\par
\par
o\par
3.2.1. General\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
   3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO\par
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR\par
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER\par
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  3.2.2. UCB/LBL\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993 The Regents of the University of California. All rights\par
reserved.\par
\par
This software was developed by the Computer Systems Engineering group at\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory under DARPA contract BG 91-66 and contributed to\par
Berkeley.\par
\par
All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must\par
display the following acknowledgement: This product includes software\par
developed by the University of California, Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
   3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
   must display the following acknowledgement: This product includes software\par
   developed by the University of California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
\par
   4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors may\par
   be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
   specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON\par
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  3.2.3. The\par
NetBSD Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2003 The NetBSD Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
This code is derived from software contributed to The NetBSD Foundation by Ben\par
Collver <collver1@attbi.com>\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
   3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
   must display the following acknowledgement: This product includes software\par
   developed by the NetBSD Foundation, Inc. and its contributors.\par
\par
   4. Neither the name of The NetBSD Foundation nor the names of its\par
   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
   software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE NETBSD FOUNDATION, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS\par
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE FOUNDATION OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON\par
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  3.2.4. Theodore\par
Ts'o.\par
\par
Copyright Theodore Ts'o, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999. All rights\par
reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
   and the entire permission notice in its entirety, including the disclaimer\par
   of warranties.\par
\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
   3. he name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ALL OF WHICH ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED. IN NO\par
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR\par
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER\par
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF NOT ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  3.2.5. Theo de Raadt and Damien Miller\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995,1999 Theo de Raadt. All rights reserved. Copyright (c)\par
2001-2002 Damien Miller. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO\par
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR\par
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER\par
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  3.2.6. Todd C. Miller\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998 Todd C. Miller <Todd.Miller@courtesan.com>\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose\par
with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright\par
notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND TODD C. MILLER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES\par
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL TODD C. MILLER BE LIABLE FOR\par
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES\par
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION\par
OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN\par
CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.  3.2.7. Thomas\par
Winischhofer\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2001-2004 Thomas Winischhofer\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
   3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO\par
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR\par
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER\par
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  3.3. NVIDIA Corp\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996 NVIDIA, Corp. All rights reserved.\par
\par
NOTICE TO USER: The source code is copyrighted under U.S. and international\par
laws. NVIDIA, Corp. of Sunnyvale, California owns the copyright and as design\par
patents pending on the design and interface of the NV chips. Users and\par
possessors of this source code are hereby granted a nonexclusive, royalty-free\par
copyright and design patent license to use this code in individual and\par
commercial software.\par
\par
Any use of this source code must include, in the user documentation and\par
internal comments to the code, notices to the end user as follows:\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996 NVIDIA, Corp. NVIDIA design patents pending in the U.S. and\par
foreign countries.\par
\par
NVIDIA, CORP. MAKES NO REPRESENTATION ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THIS SOURCE\par
CODE FOR ANY PURPOSE. IT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. NVIDIA, CORP. DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO\par
THIS SOURCE CODE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA, CORP. BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY\par
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN\par
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN\par
CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOURCE CODE.  3.4. GLX Public\par
License\par
\par
GLX PUBLIC LICENSE (Version 1.0 (2/11/99)) ("License")\par
\par
Subject to any third party claims, Silicon Graphics, Inc. ("SGI") hereby\par
grants permission to Recipient (defined below), under Recipient's copyrights\par
in the Original Software (defined below), to use, copy, modify, merge,\par
publish, distribute, sublicense and/or sell copies of Subject Software\par
(defined below), and to permit persons to whom the Subject Software is\par
furnished in accordance with this License to do the same, subject to all of\par
the following terms and conditions, which Recipient accepts by engaging in any\par
such use, copying, modifying, merging, publishing, distributing, sublicensing\par
or selling:\par
\par
1. Definitions.\par
\par
    (a) "Original Software" means source code of computer software code which\par
    is described in Exhibit A as Original Software.\par
\par
    (b) "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion from the substance\par
    or structure of either the Original Software or any previous\par
    Modifications. When Subject Software is released as a series of files, a\par
    Modification means (i) any addition to or deletion from the contents of a\par
    file containing Original Software or previous Modifications and (ii) any\par
    new file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous\par
    Modifications.\par
\par
    (c) "Subject Software" means the Original Software or Modifications or the\par
    combination of the Original Software and Modifications, or portions of any\par
    of the foregoing.\par
\par
    (d) "Recipient" means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights\par
    under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License. For legal\par
    entities, "Recipient" includes any entity which controls, is controlled\par
    by, or is under common control with Recipient. For purposes of this\par
    definition, "control" of an entity means (a) the power, direct or\par
    indirect, to direct or manage such entity, or (b) ownership of fifty\par
    percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of\par
    such entity.\par
\par
2. Redistribution of Source Code Subject to These Terms. Redistributions of\par
Subject Software in source code form must retain the notice set forth in\par
Exhibit A, below, in every file. A copy of this License must be included in\par
any documentation for such Subject Software where the recipients' rights\par
relating to Subject Software are described. Recipient may distribute the\par
source code version of Subject Software under a license of Recipient's choice,\par
which may contain terms different from this License, provided that (i)\par
Recipient is in compliance with the terms of this License, and (ii) the\par
license terms include this Section 2 and Sections 3, 4, 7, 8, 10, 12 and 13 of\par
this License, which terms may not be modified or superseded by any other terms\par
of such license. If Recipient distributes the source code version under a\par
different license Recipient must make it absolutely clear that any terms which\par
differ from this License are offered by Recipient alone, not by SGI. Recipient\par
hereby agrees to indemnify SGI for any liability incurred by SGI as a result\par
of any such terms Recipient offers.\par
\par
3. Redistribution in Executable Form. The notice set forth in Exhibit A must\par
be conspicuously included in any notice in an executable version of Subject\par
Software, related documentation or collateral in which Recipient describes the\par
user's rights relating to the Subject Software. Recipient may distribute the\par
executable version of Subject Software under a license of Recipient's choice,\par
which may contain terms different from this License, provided that (i)\par
Recipient is in compliance with the terms of this License, and (ii) the\par
license terms include this Section 3 and Sections 4, 7, 8, 10, 12 and 13 of\par
this License, which terms may not be modified or superseded by any other terms\par
of such license. If Recipient distributes the executable version under a\par
different license Recipient must make it absolutely clear that any terms which\par
differ from this License are offered by Recipient alone, not by SGI. Recipient\par
hereby agrees to indemnify SGI for any liability incurred by SGI as a result\par
of any such terms Recipient offers.\par
\par
4. Termination. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate\par
automatically if Recipient fails to comply with terms herein and fails to cure\par
such breach within 30 days of the breach. Any sublicense to the Subject\par
Software which is properly granted shall survive any termination of this\par
License absent termination by the terms of such sublicense. Provisions which,\par
by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License\par
shall survive.\par
\par
5. No Trademark Rights. This License does not grant any rights to use any\par
trade name, trademark or service mark whatsoever. No trade name, trademark or\par
service mark of SGI may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
the Subject Software without prior written permission of SGI.\par
\par
6. No Other Rights. This License does not grant any rights with respect to the\par
OpenGL API or to any software or hardware implementation thereof or to any\par
other software whatsoever, nor shall any other rights or licenses not\par
expressly granted hereunder arise by implication, estoppel or otherwise with\par
respect to the Subject Software. Title to and ownership of the Original\par
Software at all times remains with SGI. All rights in the Original Software\par
not expressly granted under this License are reserved.\par
\par
7. Compliance with Laws; Non-Infringement. Recipient shall comply with all\par
applicable laws and regulations in connection with use and distribution of the\par
Subject Software, including but not limited to, all export and import control\par
laws and regulations of the U.S. government and other countries. Recipient may\par
not distribute Subject Software that (i) in any way infringes (directly or\par
contributorily) the rights (including patent, copyright, trade secret,\par
trademark or other intellectual property rights of any kind) of any other\par
person or entity or (ii) breaches any representation or warranty, express,\par
implied or statutory, which under any applicable law it might be deemed to\par
have been distributed.\par
\par
8. Claims of Infringement. If Recipient at any time has knowledge of any one\par
or more third party claims that reproduction, modification, use, distribution,\par
import or sale of Subject Software (including particular functionality or code\par
incorporated in Subject Software) infringes the third party's intellectual\par
property rights, Recipient must place in a well-identified web page bearing\par
the title "LEGAL" a description of each such claim and a description of the\par
party making each such claim in sufficient detail that a user of the Subject\par
Software will know whom to contact regarding the claim. Also, upon gaining\par
such knowledge of any such claim, Recipient must conspicuously include the URL\par
for such web page in the Exhibit A notice required under Sections 2 and 3,\par
above, and in the text of any related documentation, license agreement or\par
collateral in which Recipient describes end user's rights relating to the\par
Subject Software. If Recipient obtains such knowledge after it makes Subject\par
Software available to any other person or entity, Recipient shall take other\par
steps (such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups) reasonably\par
calculated to inform those who received the Subject Software that new\par
knowledge has been obtained.\par
\par
9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. SUBJECT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS,\par
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT\par
LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE SUBJECT SOFTWARE IS FREE OF DEFECTS,\par
MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON- INFRINGING. SGI ASSUMES NO\par
RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE. SHOULD ANY SOFTWARE\par
PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT, SGI ASSUMES NO COST OR LIABILITY FOR ANY\par
SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN\par
ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF ANY SUBJECT SOFTWARE IS AUTHORIZED\par
HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.\par
\par
10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY,\par
WHETHER TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY),\par
CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL SGI OR ANY SGI LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY\par
CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK\par
STOPPAGE, LOSS OF DATA, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER\par
COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF\par
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY\par
TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SGI's NEGLIGENCE TO\par
THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT\par
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO\par
THAT EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO RECIPIENT.\par
\par
11. Indemnity. Recipient shall be solely responsible for damages arising,\par
directly or indirectly, out of its utilization of rights under this License.\par
Recipient will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Silicon Graphics, Inc. from\par
and against any loss, liability, damages, costs or expenses (including the\par
payment of reasonable attorneys fees) arising out of Recipient's use,\par
modification, reproduction and distribution of the Subject Software or out of\par
any representation or warranty made by Recipient.\par
\par
12. U.S. Government End Users. The Subject Software is a "commercial item"\par
consisting of "commercial computer software" as such terms are defined in\par
title 48 of the Code of Federal Regulations and all U.S. Government End Users\par
acquire only the rights set forth in this License and are subject to the terms\par
of this License.\par
\par
13. Miscellaneous. This License represents the complete agreement concerning\par
subject matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be\par
unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed so as to achieve as nearly as\par
possible the same economic effect as the original provision and the remainder\par
of this License will remain in effect. This License shall be governed by and\par
construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of\par
California as applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely\par
within California between California residents. Any litigation relating to\par
this License shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal\par
Courts of the Northern District of California (or, absent subject matter\par
jurisdiction in such courts, the courts of the State of California), with\par
venue lying exclusively in Santa Clara County, California, with the losing\par
party responsible for costs, including without limitation, court costs and\par
reasonable attorneys fees and expenses. The application of the United Nations\par
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly\par
excluded. Any law or regulation which provides that the language of a contract\par
shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this License.\par
\par
Exhibit A\par
\par
The contents of this file are subject to Sections 2, 3, 4, 7, 8, 10, 12 and 13\par
of the GLX Public License Version 1.0 (the "License"). You may not use this\par
file except in compliance with those sections of the License. You may obtain a\par
copy of the License at Silicon Graphics, Inc., attn: Legal Services, 2011 N.\par
Shoreline Blvd., Mountain View, CA 94043 or at\par
http://www.sgi.com/software/opensource/glx/license.html.\par
\par
Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis. ALL\par
WARRANTIES ARE DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR OF NON-\par
INFRINGEMENT. See the License for the specific language governing rights and\par
limitations under the License.\par
\par
The Original Software is GLX version 1.2 source code, released February, 1999.\par
The developer of the Original Software is Silicon Graphics, Inc. Those\par
portions of the Subject Software created by Silicon Graphics, Inc. are\par
Copyright (c) 1991-9 Silicon Graphics, Inc. All Rights Reserved.  3.5. CID\par
Font Code Public License\par
\par
CID FONT CODE PUBLIC LICENSE (Version 1.0 (3/31/99))("License")\par
\par
Subject to any applicable third party claims, Silicon Graphics, Inc. ("SGI")\par
hereby grants permission to Recipient (defined below), under SGI's copyrights\par
in the Original Software (defined below), to use, copy, modify, merge,\par
publish, distribute, sublicense and/or sell copies of Subject Software\par
(defined below) in both source code and executable form, and to permit persons\par
to whom the Subject Software is furnished in accordance with this License to\par
do the same, subject to all of the following terms and conditions, which\par
Recipient accepts by engaging in any such use, copying, modifying, merging,\par
publication, distributing, sublicensing or selling:\par
\par
1. Definitions.\par
\par
    a. "Original Software" means source code of computer software code that is\par
    described in Exhibit A as Original Software.\par
\par
    b. "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion from the substance or\par
    structure of either the Original Software or any previous Modifications.\par
    When Subject Software is released as a series of files, a Modification\par
    means (i) any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file\par
    containing Original Software or previous Modifications and (ii) any new\par
    file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous\par
    Modifications.\par
\par
    c. "Subject Software" means the Original Software or Modifications or the\par
    combination of the Original Software and Modifications, or portions of any\par
    of the foregoing.\par
\par
    d. "Recipient" means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights\par
    under the terms of this License. For legal entities, "Recipient" includes\par
    any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control\par
    with Recipient. For purposes of this definition, "control" of an entity\par
    means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to direct or manage such entity,\par
    or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares\par
    or beneficial ownership of such entity.\par
\par
    e. "Required Notice" means the notice set forth in Exhibit A to this\par
    License.\par
\par
    f. "Accompanying Technology" means any software or other technology that\par
    is not a Modification and that is distributed or made publicly available\par
    by Recipient with the Subject Software. Separate software files that do\par
    not contain any Original Software or any previous Modification shall not\par
    be deemed a Modification, even if such software files are aggregated as\par
    part of a product, or in any medium of storage, with any file that does\par
    contain Original Software or any previous Modification.\par
\par
2. License Terms. All distribution of the Subject Software must be made\par
subject to the terms of this License. A copy of this License and the Required\par
Notice must be included in any documentation for Subject Software where\par
Recipient's rights relating to Subject Software and/or any Accompanying\par
Technology are described. Distributions of Subject Software in source code\par
form must also include the Required Notice in every file distributed. In\par
addition, a ReadMe file entitled "Important Legal Notice" must be distributed\par
with each distribution of one or more files that incorporate Subject Software.\par
That file must be included with distributions made in both source code and\par
executable form. A copy of the License and the Required Notice must be\par
included in that file. Recipient may distribute Accompanying Technology under\par
a license of Recipient's choice, which may contain terms different from this\par
License, provided that (i) Recipient is in compliance with the terms of this\par
License, (ii) such other license terms do not modify or supersede the terms of\par
this License as applicable to the Subject Software, (iii) Recipient hereby\par
indemnifies SGI for any liability incurred by SGI as a result of the\par
distribution of Accompanying Technology or the use of other license terms.\par
\par
3. Termination. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate\par
automatically if Recipient fails to comply with terms herein and fails to cure\par
such breach within 30 days of the breach. Any sublicense to the Subject\par
Software that is properly granted shall survive any termination of this\par
License absent termination by the terms of such sublicense. Provisions which,\par
by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License\par
shall survive.\par
\par
4. Trademark Rights. This License does not grant any rights to use any trade\par
name, trademark or service mark whatsoever. No trade name, trademark or\par
service mark of SGI may be used to endorse or promote products derived from or\par
incorporating any Subject Software without prior written permission of SGI.\par
\par
5. No Other Rights. No rights or licenses not expressly granted hereunder\par
shall arise by implication, estoppel or otherwise. Title to and ownership of\par
the Original Software at all times remains with SGI. All rights in the\par
Original Software not expressly granted under this License are reserved.\par
\par
6. Compliance with Laws; Non-Infringement. Recipient shall comply with all\par
applicable laws and regulations in connection with use and distribution of the\par
Subject Software, including but not limited to, all export and import control\par
laws and regulations of the U.S. government and other countries. Recipient may\par
not distribute Subject Software that (i) in any way infringes (directly or\par
contributorily) the rights (including patent, copyright, trade secret,\par
trademark or other intellectual property rights of any kind) of any other\par
person or entity, or (ii) breaches any representation or warranty, express,\par
implied or statutory, which under any applicable law it might be deemed to\par
have been distributed.\par
\par
7. Claims of Infringement. If Recipient at any time has knowledge of any one\par
or more third party claims that reproduction, modification, use, distribution,\par
import or sale of Subject Software (including particular functionality or code\par
incorporated in Subject Software) infringes the third party's intellectual\par
property rights, Recipient must place in a well-identified web page bearing\par
the title "LEGAL" a description of each such claim and a description of the\par
party making each such claim in sufficient detail that a user of the Subject\par
Software will know whom to contact regarding the claim. Also, upon gaining\par
such knowledge of any such claim, Recipient must conspicuously include the URL\par
for such web page in the Required Notice, and in the text of any related\par
documentation, license agreement or collateral in which Recipient describes\par
end user's rights relating to the Subject Software. If Recipient obtains such\par
knowledge after it makes Subject Software available to any other person or\par
entity, Recipient shall take other steps (such as notifying appropriate\par
mailing lists or newsgroups) reasonably calculated to provide such knowledge\par
to those who received the Subject Software.\par
\par
8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. SUBJECT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS,\par
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT\par
LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE SUBJECT SOFTWARE IS FREE OF DEFECTS,\par
MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. SGI ASSUMES NO\par
RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE. SHOULD ANY SOFTWARE\par
PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT, SGI ASSUMES NO COST OR LIABILITY FOR ANY\par
SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN\par
ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF ANY SUBJECT SOFTWARE IS AUTHORIZED\par
HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.\par
\par
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY,\par
WHETHER TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY),\par
CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL SGI OR ANY SGI LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,\par
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR\par
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT SOFTWARE OR\par
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SUBJECT SOFTWARE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT\par
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO THIS EXCLUSION AND\par
LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO RECIPIENT TO THE EXTENT SO DISALLOWED.\par
\par
10. Indemnity. Recipient shall be solely responsible for damages arising,\par
directly or indirectly, out of its utilization of rights under this License.\par
Recipient will defend, indemnify and hold SGI and its successors and assigns\par
harmless from and against any loss, liability, damages, costs or expenses\par
(including the payment of reasonable attorneys fees) arising out of\par
(Recipient's use, modification, reproduction and distribution of the Subject\par
Software or out of any representation or warranty made by Recipient.\par
\par
11. U.S. Government End Users. The Subject Software is a "commercial item"\par
consisting of "commercial computer software" as such terms are defined in\par
title 48 of the Code of Federal Regulations and all U.S. Government End Users\par
acquire only the rights set forth in this License and are subject to the terms\par
of this License.\par
\par
12. Miscellaneous. This License represents the complete agreement concerning\par
subject matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be\par
unenforceable by any judicial or administrative authority having proper\par
jurisdiction with respect thereto, such provision shall be reformed so as to\par
achieve as nearly as possible the same economic effect as the original\par
provision and the remainder of this License will remain in effect. This\par
License shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the\par
United States and the State of California as applied to agreements entered\par
into and to be performed entirely within California between California\par
residents. Any litigation relating to this License shall be subject to the\par
exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the Northern District of\par
California (or, absent subject matter jurisdiction in such courts, the courts\par
of the State of California), with venue lying exclusively in Santa Clara\par
County, California, with the losing party responsible for costs, including\par
without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and expenses.\par
The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the\par
International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. Any law or regulation that\par
provides that the language of a contract shall be construed against the\par
drafter shall not apply to this License.\par
\par
Exhibit A\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994-1999 Silicon Graphics, Inc.\par
\par
The contents of this file are subject to the CID Font Code Public License\par
Version 1.0 (the "License"). You may not use this file except in compliance\par
with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at Silicon Graphics,\par
Inc., attn: Legal Services, 2011 N. Shoreline Blvd., Mountain View, CA 94043\par
or at http://www.sgi.com/software/opensource/cid/license.html\par
\par
Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis. ALL\par
WARRANTIES ARE DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR OF\par
NON-INFRINGEMENT. See the License for the specific language governing rights\par
and limitations under the License.\par
\par
The Original Software (as defined in the License) is CID font code that was\par
developed by Silicon Graphics, Inc. Those portions of the Subject Software (as\par
defined in the License) that were created by Silicon Graphics, Inc. are\par
Copyright (c) 1994-1999 Silicon Graphics, Inc. All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
[NOTE: When using this text in connection with Subject Software delivered\par
solely in object code form, Recipient may replace the words "this file" with\par
"this software" in both the first and second sentences.] 3.6. Bitstream Vera\par
Fonts Copyright\par
\par
The fonts have a generous copyright, allowing derivative works (as long as\par
"Bitstream" or "Vera" are not in the names), and full redistribution (so long\par
as they are not *sold* by themselves). They can be be bundled, redistributed\par
and sold with any software.\par
\par
The fonts are distributed under the following copyright:\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2003 by Bitstream, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Bitstream Vera is a\par
trademark of Bitstream, Inc.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of the fonts accompanying this license ("Fonts") and associated documentation\par
files (the "Font Software"), to reproduce and distribute the Font Software,\par
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, merge, publish,\par
distribute, and/or sell copies of the Font Software, and to permit persons to\par
whom the Font Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following\par
conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright and trademark notices and this permission notice shall be\par
included in all copies of one or more of the Font Software typefaces.\par
\par
The Font Software may be modified, altered, or added to, and in particular the\par
designs of glyphs or characters in the Fonts may be modified and additional\par
glyphs or characters may be added to the Fonts, only if the fonts are renamed\par
to names not containing either the words "Bitstream" or the word "Vera".\par
\par
This License becomes null and void to the extent applicable to Fonts or Font\par
Software that has been modified and is distributed under the "Bitstream Vera"\par
names.\par
\par
The Font Software may be sold as part of a larger software package but no copy\par
of one or more of the Font Software typefaces may be sold by itself.\par
\par
THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT,\par
TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL BITSTREAM OR THE GNOME FOUNDATION\par
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL,\par
SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION\par
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO\par
USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the names of Gnome, the Gnome Foundation,\par
and Bitstream Inc., shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote\par
the sale, use or other dealings in this Font Software without prior written\par
authorization from the Gnome Foundation or Bitstream Inc., respectively. For\par
further information, contact: fonts at gnome dot org.  3.7. Bigelow & Holmes\par
Inc and URW++ GmbH Luxi font license\par
\par
Luxi fonts copyright (c) 2001 by Bigelow & Holmes Inc. Luxi font instruction\par
code copyright (c) 2001 by URW++ GmbH. All Rights Reserved. Luxi is a\par
registered trademark of Bigelow & Holmes Inc.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of these Fonts and associated documentation files (the "Font Software"), to\par
deal in the Font Software, including without limitation the rights to use,\par
copy, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Font\par
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Font Software is furnished to do\par
so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright and trademark notices and this permission notice shall be\par
included in all copies of one or more of the Font Software.\par
\par
The Font Software may not be modified, altered, or added to, and in particular\par
the designs of glyphs or characters in the Fonts may not be modified nor may\par
additional glyphs or characters be added to the Fonts. This License becomes\par
null and void when the Fonts or Font Software have been modified.\par
\par
THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT,\par
TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL BIGELOW & HOLMES INC. OR URW++\par
GMBH. BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, INCLUDING ANY\par
GENERAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER IN\par
AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR\par
INABILITY TO USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the names of Bigelow & Holmes Inc. and\par
URW++ GmbH. shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale,\par
use or other dealings in this Font Software without prior written\par
authorization from Bigelow & Holmes Inc. and URW++ GmbH.\par
\par
For further information, contact:\par
\par
info@urwpp.de or design@bigelowandholmes.com\par
\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to zlib v1.2.3, which is included \par
with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
  version 1.2.3, July 18th, 2005\par
\par
  Copyright (C) 1995-2012 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler\par
\par
  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied\par
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages\par
  arising from the use of this software.\par
\par
  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\par
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it\par
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
\par
  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not\par
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software\par
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be\par
     appreciated but is not required.\par
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
     misrepresented as being the original software.\par
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
\par
  Jean-loup Gailly        Mark Adler\par
  jloup@gzip.org          madler@alumni.caltech.edu\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
%% This notice is provided with respect to the following which is \par
included with JRE 7, JDK 7, and OpenJDK 7, except where noted:\par
\par
  Apache Derby 10.8.1.2        [included with JDK 7 only]\par
  Apache Jakarta BCEL 5.2 \par
  Apache Jakarta Regexp 1.4 \par
  Apache Santuario XMLSec-Java 1.4.2\par
  Apache Xalan-Java 2.7.1 \par
  Apache Xerces2 Java 2.10.0 \par
  Apache XML Resolver 1.1 \par
\par
\par
--- begin of LICENSE ---\par
\par
                                 Apache License\par
                           Version 2.0, January 2004\par
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/\par
\par
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION\par
\par
   1. Definitions.\par
\par
      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,\par
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.\par
\par
      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by\par
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.\par
\par
      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all\par
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common\par
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,\par
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the\par
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or\par
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the\par
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.\par
\par
      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity\par
      exercising permissions granted by this License.\par
\par
      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,\par
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation\par
      source, and configuration files.\par
\par
      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical\par
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but\par
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,\par
      and conversions to other media types.\par
\par
      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or\par
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a\par
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work\par
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).\par
\par
      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object\par
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the\par
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications\par
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes\par
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain\par
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,\par
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.\par
\par
      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including\par
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions\par
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally\par
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner\par
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of\par
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"\par
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent\par
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to\par
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,\par
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the\par
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but\par
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise\par
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."\par
\par
      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity\par
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and\par
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.\par
\par
   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of\par
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,\par
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable\par
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,\par
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the\par
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.\par
\par
   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of\par
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,\par
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable\par
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,\par
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,\par
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable\par
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their\par
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)\par
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You\par
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a\par
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work\par
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct\par
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses\par
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate\par
      as of the date such litigation is filed.\par
\par
   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the\par
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without\par
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You\par
      meet the following conditions:\par
\par
      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or\par
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and\par
\par
      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices\par
          stating that You changed the files; and\par
\par
      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works\par
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and\par
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,\par
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of\par
          the Derivative Works; and\par
\par
      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its\par
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must\par
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained\par
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not\par
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one\par
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed\par
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or\par
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,\par
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and\par
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents\par
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and\par
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution\par
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside\par
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided\par
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed\par
          as modifying the License.\par
\par
      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and\par
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions\par
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or\par
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,\par
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with\par
      the conditions stated in this License.\par
\par
   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,\par
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work\par
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of\par
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.\par
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify\par
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed\par
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.\par
\par
   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade\par
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,\par
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the\par
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.\par
\par
   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or\par
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each\par
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or\par
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions\par
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A\par
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the\par
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any\par
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.\par
\par
   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,\par
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,\par
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly\par
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be\par
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,\par
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a\par
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the\par
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,\par
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all\par
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor\par
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.\par
\par
   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing\par
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,\par
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,\par
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this\par
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only\par
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf\par
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,\par
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability\par
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason\par
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.\par
\par
   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.\par
\par
      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following\par
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"\par
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include\par
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate\par
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a\par
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the\par
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier\par
      identification within third-party archives.\par
\par
   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]\par
\par
   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
   You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
\par
       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
\par
   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
   limitations under the License.\par
\par
--- end of LICENSE ---\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
JDOM\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (C) 2000-2004 Jason Hunter & Brett McLaughlin.\par
 All rights reserved.\par
 \par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
 \par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.\par
 \par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions, and the disclaimer that follows \par
    these conditions in the documentation and/or other materials \par
    provided with the distribution.\par
\par
 3. The name "JDOM" must not be used to endorse or promote products\par
    derived from this software without prior written permission.  For\par
    written permission, please contact <request_AT_jdom_DOT_org>.\par
 \par
 4. Products derived from this software may not be called "JDOM", nor\par
    may "JDOM" appear in their name, without prior written permission\par
    from the JDOM Project Management <request_AT_jdom_DOT_org>.\par
 \par
 In addition, we request (but do not require) that you include in the \par
 end-user documentation provided with the redistribution and/or in the \par
 software itself an acknowledgement equivalent to the following:\par
     "This product includes software developed by the\par
      JDOM Project (http://www.jdom.org/)."\par
 Alternatively, the acknowledgment may be graphical using the logos \par
 available at http://www.jdom.org/images/logos.\par
\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
 WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
 DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE JDOM AUTHORS OR THE PROJECT\par
 CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
 SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
 LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF\par
 USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND\par
 ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
 OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT\par
 OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
 This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many \par
 individuals on behalf of the JDOM Project and was originally \par
 created by Jason Hunter <jhunter_AT_jdom_DOT_org> and\par
 Brett McLaughlin <brett_AT_jdom_DOT_org>.  For more information\par
 on the JDOM Project, please see <http://www.jdom.org/>.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
JDOM (AESL)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (C) 2000-2007 Jason Hunter & Brett McLaughlin.\par
 All rights reserved.\par
\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions, and the disclaimer that follows\par
    these conditions in the documentation and/or other materials\par
    provided with the distribution.\par
\par
 3. The name "JDOM" must not be used to endorse or promote products\par
    derived from this software without prior written permission.  For\par
    written permission, please contact <request_AT_jdom_DOT_org>.\par
\par
 4. Products derived from this software may not be called "JDOM", nor\par
    may "JDOM" appear in their name, without prior written permission\par
    from the JDOM Project Management <request_AT_jdom_DOT_org>.\par
\par
 In addition, we request (but do not require) that you include in the\par
 end-user documentation provided with the redistribution and/or in the\par
 software itself an acknowledgement equivalent to the following:\par
     "This product includes software developed by the\par
      JDOM Project (http://www.jdom.org/)."\par
 Alternatively, the acknowledgment may be graphical using the logos\par
 available at http://www.jdom.org/images/logos.\par
\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
 WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
 DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE JDOM AUTHORS OR THE PROJECT\par
 CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
 SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
 LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF\par
 USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND\par
 ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
 OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT\par
 OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
 This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many\par
 individuals on behalf of the JDOM Project and was originally\par
 created by Jason Hunter <jhunter_AT_jdom_DOT_org> and\par
 Brett McLaughlin <brett_AT_jdom_DOT_org>.  For more information\par
 on the JDOM Project, please see <http://www.jdom.org/>.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
JIDE\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Jide includes the following jar files:\par
-  commons-math-2.2.jar \par
-  laf-widget.jar (5.0)\par
-  poi-3.9-FINAL-20121203.jar\par
-  poi-ooxml-3.9-FINAL-20121203.jar\par
-  poi-ooxml-schemas-3.9-FINAL-20121203.jar\par
-  dom4j-1.6.1.jar\par
-  xmlbeans-2.3.0.jar\par
-  servlet-api.jar\par
-  Lucene-core-3.5.0.jar\par
-  Jgoodies-looks-2.4.2.jar\par
-  substance-6.0.jar\par
-  Toniclf.jar\par
-  Toniclf_slim.jar\par
\par
\par
The notices for each of the above jar files are below.\par
\par
-  commons-math-2.2.jar \par
#######################################\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
 * contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
 * this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
 * The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
 * (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
 * the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
 *\par
 *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
 *\par
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
 * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
 * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
 * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
 * limitations under the License.\par
 */\par
\par
APACHE COMMONS MATH DERIVATIVE WORKS: \par
\par
The Apache commons-math library includes a number of subcomponents\par
whose implementation is derived from original sources written\par
in C or Fortran.  License terms of the original sources\par
are reproduced below.\par
\par
===============================================================================\par
For the lmder, lmpar and qrsolv Fortran routine from minpack and translated in\par
the LevenbergMarquardtOptimizer class in package\par
org.apache.commons.math.optimization.general \par
Original source copyright and license statement:\par
\par
Minpack Copyright Notice (1999) University of Chicago.  All rights reserved\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or\par
without modification, are permitted provided that the\par
following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above\par
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following\par
disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above\par
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following\par
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials\par
provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. The end-user documentation included with the\par
redistribution, if any, must include the following\par
acknowledgment:\par
\par
   "This product includes software developed by the\par
   University of Chicago, as Operator of Argonne National\par
   Laboratory.\par
\par
Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software\par
itself, if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments\par
normally appear.\par
\par
4. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. THE SOFTWARE IS SUPPLIED "AS IS"\par
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER, THE\par
UNITED STATES, THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, AND\par
THEIR EMPLOYEES: (1) DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE\par
OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, (2) DO NOT ASSUME ANY LEGAL LIABILITY\par
OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR\par
USEFULNESS OF THE SOFTWARE, (3) DO NOT REPRESENT THAT USE OF\par
THE SOFTWARE WOULD NOT INFRINGE PRIVATELY OWNED RIGHTS, (4)\par
DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL FUNCTION\par
UNINTERRUPTED, THAT IT IS ERROR-FREE OR THAT ANY ERRORS WILL\par
BE CORRECTED.\par
\par
5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL THE COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDER, THE UNITED STATES, THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF\par
ENERGY, OR THEIR EMPLOYEES: BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF\par
ANY KIND OR NATURE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF\par
PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA, FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER, WHETHER\par
SUCH LIABILITY IS ASSERTED ON THE BASIS OF CONTRACT, TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), OR OTHERWISE,\par
EVEN IF ANY OF SAID PARTIES HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES.\par
===============================================================================\par
\par
Copyright and license statement for the odex Fortran routine developed by\par
E. Hairer and G. Wanner and translated in GraggBulirschStoerIntegrator class\par
in package org.apache.commons.math.ode.nonstiff:\par
\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2004, Ernst Hairer\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are \par
met:\par
\par
- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS \par
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED \par
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A \par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR \par
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, \par
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, \par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR \par
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF \par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING \par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS \par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
===============================================================================\par
\par
Copyright and license statement for the original lapack fortran routines\par
translated in EigenDecompositionImpl class in package\par
org.apache.commons.math.linear:\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1992-2008 The University of Tennessee.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
met:\par
\par
- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
  \par
- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer listed\par
  in this license in the documentation and/or other materials\par
  provided with the distribution.\par
  \par
- Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its\par
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
  this software without specific prior written permission.\par
  \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT  \par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT \par
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT  \par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
===============================================================================\par
\par
Copyright and license statement for the original Mersenne twister C\par
routines translated in MersenneTwister class in package \par
org.apache.commons.math.random:\par
\par
   Copyright (C) 1997 - 2002, Makoto Matsumoto and Takuji Nishimura,\par
   All rights reserved.                          \par
\par
   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
   are met:\par
\par
     1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
        notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
     2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
        notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
        documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
     3. The names of its contributors may not be used to endorse or promote \par
        products derived from this software without specific prior written \par
        permission.\par
\par
   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
   "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
   LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
   A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR\par
   CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\par
   EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
   PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
   PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
   LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
   NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
   SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
-  laf-widget.jar (5.0)\par
#######################################\par
Copyright (c) 2005-2010, Kirill Grouchnikov and contributors\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
    * Neither the name of the Kirill Grouchnikov and contributors nor \par
the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products \par
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS \par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED \par
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR \par
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS \par
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR \par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF \par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS \par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN \par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) \par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF \par
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright 2006-2007 Nigel Hughes\par
 *\par
 * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except\par
 * in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/\par
 * licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
 * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR\par
 * CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language\par
 * governing permissions and limitations under the License.\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (c) 2001-2006 JGoodies Karsten Lentzsch. All Rights Reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
 * \par
 *  o Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, \par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
 *     \par
 *  o Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, \par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation \par
 *    and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
 *     \par
 *  o Neither the name of JGoodies Karsten Lentzsch nor the names of \par
 *    its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived \par
 *    from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
 *     \par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" \par
 * AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, \par
 * THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR \par
 * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR \par
 * CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, \par
 * EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, \par
 * PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; \par
 * OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, \par
 * WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE \par
 * OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, \par
 * EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
 */\par
\par
\par
-  poi-3.9-FINAL-20121203.jar\par
#######################################\par
Contents of LICENSE\par
The text of the Apache License, Version 2.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
Apache POI\par
Copyright 2009 The Apache Software Foundation\par
\par
This product includes software developed by\par
The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).\par
\par
This product contains the DOM4J library (http://www.dom4j.org).\par
Copyright 2001-2005 (C) MetaStuff, Ltd. All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
This product contains parts that were originally based on software from BEA.\par
Copyright (c) 2000-2003, BEA Systems, <http://www.bea.com/>.\par
\par
This product contains W3C XML Schema documents. Copyright 2001-2003 (c)\par
World Wide Web Consortium (Massachusetts Institute of Technology, European\par
Research Consortium for Informatics and Mathematics, Keio University)\par
\par
This product contains the Piccolo XML Parser for Java\par
(http://piccolo.sourceforge.net/). Copyright 2002 Yuval Oren.\par
\par
This product contains the chunks_parse_cmds.tbl file from the vsdump program.\par
Copyright (C) 2006-2007 Valek Filippov (frob@df.ru)\par
\par
APACHE POI SUBCOMPONENTS:\par
\par
Apache POI includes subcomponents with separate copyright notices and\par
license terms. Your use of these subcomponents is subject to the terms\par
and conditions of the following licenses:\par
\par
\par
Office Open XML schemas (ooxml-schemas-1.1.jar)\par
\par
    The Office Open XML schema definitions used by Apache POI are\par
    a part of the Office Open XML ECMA Specification (ECMA-376, [1]).\par
    As defined in section 9.4 of the ECMA bylaws [2], this specification\par
    is available to all interested parties without restriction:\par
\par
        9.4 All documents when approved shall be made available to\par
            all interested parties without restriction.\par
\par
    Furthermore, both Microsoft and Adobe have granted patent licenses\par
    to this work [3,4,5].\par
\par
    [1] http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/standards/Ecma-376.htm\par
    [2] http://www.ecma-international.org/memento/Ecmabylaws.htm\par
    [3] http://www.microsoft.com/interop/osp/\par
    [4] http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/files/ECMA-ST/Ecma%20PATENT/ECMA-376%20Edition%201%20Microsoft%20Patent%20Declaration.pdf\par
    [5] http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/files/ECMA-ST/Ecma%20PATENT/ga-2006-191.pdf\par
\par
DOM4J library (dom4j-1.6.1.jar)\par
\par
    Copyright 2001-2005 (C) MetaStuff, Ltd. All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
    Redistribution and use of this software and associated documentation\par
    ("Software"), with or without modification, are permitted provided\par
    that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
    1. Redistributions of source code must retain copyright\par
       statements and notices.  Redistributions must also contain a\par
       copy of this document.\par
\par
    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the\par
       above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the\par
       following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other\par
       materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
    3. The name "DOM4J" must not be used to endorse or promote\par
       products derived from this Software without prior written\par
       permission of MetaStuff, Ltd.  For written permission,\par
       please contact dom4j-info@metastuff.com.\par
\par
    4. Products derived from this Software may not be called "DOM4J"\par
       nor may "DOM4J" appear in their names without prior written\par
       permission of MetaStuff, Ltd. DOM4J is a registered\par
       trademark of MetaStuff, Ltd.\par
\par
    5. Due credit should be given to the DOM4J Project - \par
       http://www.dom4j.org\par
 \par
    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY METASTUFF, LTD. AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
    ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT\par
    NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND\par
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL\par
    METASTUFF, LTD. OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,\par
    INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
    (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
    SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
    HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,\par
    STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
    ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED\par
    OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
JUnit test library (junit-3.8.1.jar)\par
\par
The text of the Common Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
FILE: poi-3.9-FINAL-20121203/org/apache/poi/hssf/record/formula/function/functionMetadata-asGenerated.txt\par
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
# contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
# this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
# The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
# (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
# the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
# \par
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
# \par
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
# limitations under the License.\par
# Created by (org.apache.poi.hssf.record.formula.function.ExcelFileFormatDocFunctionExtractor)\par
# from source file 'excelfileformat.odt' (size=356107, md5=0x8f789cb6e75594caf068f8e193004ef4)\par
#\par
#Columns: (index, name, minParams, maxParams, returnClass, paramClasses, isVolatile, hasFootnote )\par
# Built-In Sheet Functions in BIFF2\par
\par
FILE: poi-3.9-FINAL-20121203/org/apache/poi/hssf/record/formula/function/functionMetadata.txt\par
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
# contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
# this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
# The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
# (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
# the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
# \par
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
# \par
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
# limitations under the License.\par
# Created by (org.apache.poi.hssf.record.formula.function.ExcelFileFormatDocFunctionExtractor)\par
# from source file 'excelfileformat.odt' (size=356107, md5=0x8f789cb6e75594caf068f8e193004ef4)\par
#  ! + some manual edits !\par
#\par
#Columns: (index, name, minParams, maxParams, returnClass, paramClasses, isVolatile, hasFootnote )\par
# Built-In Sheet Functions in BIFF2\par
\par
FILE: poi-3.9-FINAL-20121203/font_metrics.properties\par
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
# contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
# this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
# The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
# (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
# the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
#\par
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
#\par
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
# limitations under the License.\par
#Font Metrics\par
#Sun Sep 07 21:54:47 EST 2003\par
\par
-  poi-ooxml-3.9-FINAL-20121203.jar\par
#######################################\par
Contents of LICENSE_POI\par
The text of the Apache License, Version 2.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
APACHE POI SUBCOMPONENTS:\par
\par
Apache POI includes subcomponents with separate copyright notices and\par
license terms. Your use of these subcomponents is subject to the terms\par
and conditions of the following licenses:\par
\par
Office Open XML schemas (ooxml-schemas-1.1.jar)\par
\par
    The Office Open XML schema definitions used by Apache POI are\par
    a part of the Office Open XML ECMA Specification (ECMA-376, [1]).\par
    As defined in section 9.4 of the ECMA bylaws [2], this specification\par
    is available to all interested parties without restriction:\par
\par
        9.4 All documents when approved shall be made available to\par
            all interested parties without restriction.\par
\par
    Furthermore, both Microsoft and Adobe have granted patent licenses\par
    to this work [3,4,5].\par
\par
    [1] http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/standards/Ecma-376.htm\par
    [2] http://www.ecma-international.org/memento/Ecmabylaws.htm\par
    [3] http://www.microsoft.com/interop/osp/\par
    [4] http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/files/ECMA-ST/Ecma%20PATENT/ECMA-376%20Edition%201%20Microsoft%20Patent%20Declaration.pdf\par
    [5] http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/files/ECMA-ST/Ecma%20PATENT/ga-2006-191.pdf\par
\par
DOM4J library (dom4j-1.6.1.jar)\par
\par
    Copyright 2001-2005 (C) MetaStuff, Ltd. All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
    Redistribution and use of this software and associated documentation\par
    ("Software"), with or without modification, are permitted provided\par
    that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
    1. Redistributions of source code must retain copyright\par
       statements and notices.  Redistributions must also contain a\par
       copy of this document.\par
\par
    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the\par
       above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the\par
       following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other\par
       materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
    3. The name "DOM4J" must not be used to endorse or promote\par
       products derived from this Software without prior written\par
       permission of MetaStuff, Ltd.  For written permission,\par
       please contact dom4j-info@metastuff.com.\par
\par
    4. Products derived from this Software may not be called "DOM4J"\par
       nor may "DOM4J" appear in their names without prior written\par
       permission of MetaStuff, Ltd. DOM4J is a registered\par
       trademark of MetaStuff, Ltd.\par
\par
    5. Due credit should be given to the DOM4J Project - \par
       http://www.dom4j.org\par
 \par
    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY METASTUFF, LTD. AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
    ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT\par
    NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND\par
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL\par
    METASTUFF, LTD. OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,\par
    INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
    (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
    SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
    HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,\par
    STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
    ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED\par
    OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
xmlbeans-2.3.0.jar\par
\par
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
# contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
# this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
# The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
# (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
# the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
#\par
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
#\par
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
# limitations under the License.\par
\par
JUnit test library (junit-3.8.1.jar)\par
\par
The text of the Common Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
-  servlet-api.jar\par
#######################################\par
# Copyright 2004 The Apache Software Foundation\par
#\par
# Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
# You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
#\par
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
#\par
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
# limitations under the License.\par
\par
-  Lucene-core-3.5.0.jar\par
#######################################\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
\par
* Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
* contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
* this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
* The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
* (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
* the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
*\par
*     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
*\par
* Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
* distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
* WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
* See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
* limitations under the License.\par
\par
/*\par
 * Copyright 2001-2004 Unicode, Inc.\par
 * \par
 * Disclaimer\par
 * \par
 * This source code is provided as is by Unicode, Inc. No claims are\par
 * made as to fitness for any particular purpose. No warranties of any\par
 * kind are expressed or implied. The recipient agrees to determine\par
 * applicability of information provided. If this file has been\par
 * purchased on magnetic or optical media from Unicode, Inc., the\par
 * sole remedy for any claim will be exchange of defective media\par
 * within 90 days of receipt.\par
 * \par
 * Limitations on Rights to Redistribute This Code\par
 * \par
 * Unicode, Inc. hereby grants the right to freely use the information\par
 * supplied in this file in the creation of products supporting the\par
 * Unicode Standard, and to make copies of this file in any form\par
 * for internal or external distribution as long as this notice\par
 * remains attached.\par
 */\par
\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (C) 1999-2010, International Business Machines\par
 * Corporation and others.  All Rights Reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy \par
 * of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
 * in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights \par
 * to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the \par
 * Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, \par
 * provided that the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear \par
 * in all copies of the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and\par
 * this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.\par
 * \par
 * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR \par
 * IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, \par
 * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. \par
 * IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE \par
 * LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR \par
 * ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER \par
 * IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT \par
 * OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
 *\par
 * Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not \par
 * be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other \par
 * dealings in this Software without prior written authorization of the \par
 * copyright holder.\par
 */\par
\par
The following license applies to the Snowball stemmers:\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001, Dr Martin Porter\par
Copyright (c) 2002, Richard Boulton\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
    * this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    * notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    * documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
    * Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its contributors\par
    * may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    * without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
The following license applies to the KStemmer:\par
\par
Copyright \u169C 2003,\par
Center for Intelligent Information Retrieval,\par
University of Massachusetts, Amherst.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,\par
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. The names "Center for Intelligent Information Retrieval" and\par
"University of Massachusetts" must not be used to endorse or promote products\par
derived from this software without prior written permission. To obtain\par
permission, contact info@ciir.cs.umass.edu.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY UNIVERSITY OF MASSACHUSETTS AND OTHER CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE\par
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
-  Jgoodies-looks-2.4.2.jar\par
#######################################\par
* Copyright (c) 2001-2011 JGoodies Karsten Lentzsch. All Rights Reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
 *\par
 *  o Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 *\par
 *  o Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
 *    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 *\par
 *  o Neither the name of JGoodies Karsten Lentzsch nor the names of\par
 *    its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
 *    from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
 * AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
 * THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
 * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR\par
 * CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\par
 * EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
 * PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;\par
 * OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
 * WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE\par
 * OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,\par
 * EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
/*\par
\par
\par
-  substance-6.0.jar\par
#######################################\par
Copyright (c) 2005-2010, Kirill Grouchnikov and contributors\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
    * Neither the name of the Kirill Grouchnikov and contributors nor \par
the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products \par
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS \par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED \par
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR \par
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS \par
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR \par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF \par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS \par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN \par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) \par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF \par
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
The original artwork used in the Quaqua color chooser implementation\par
has been replaced by images from Famfam Silk collection available\par
under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 license and\par
images created dynamically by the Substance core code.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * $Id: AbstractFilter.java 2254 2009-10-15 04:00:12Z kirillcool $\par
 *\par
 * Dual-licensed under LGPL (Sun and Romain Guy) and BSD (Romain Guy).\par
 *\par
 * Copyright 2005 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network Circle,\par
 * Santa Clara, California 95054, U.S.A. All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Copyright (c) 2006 Romain Guy <romain.guy@mac.com>\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
 *    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 * OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 * IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 * INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 * NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 * DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 * THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 * (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 */\par
\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (c) 2001-2006 JGoodies Karsten Lentzsch. All Rights Reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
 * \par
 *  o Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, \par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
 *     \par
 *  o Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, \par
 *    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation \par
 *    and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
 *     \par
 *  o Neither the name of JGoodies Karsten Lentzsch nor the names of \par
 *    its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived \par
 *    from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
 *     \par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" \par
 * AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, \par
 * THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR \par
 * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR \par
 * CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, \par
 * EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, \par
 * PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; \par
 * OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, \par
 * WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE \par
 * OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, \par
 * EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
 */\par
\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
# Disclaimer and Terms: You may use these scripts for commercial or\par
# non-commercial use at your own risk, as long as you retain the\par
# copyright statements in the source code. These scripts are provided\par
# "AS IS" with no warranty whatsoever and are FREE for as long as you\par
# want to use them. You can edit and adapt them to your requirements\par
# without seeking permission from me. I only ask that you retain the\par
# credits where they are due. \par
#\par
# Author: Vishal Goenka <vgoenka@hotmail.com>\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
\par
Modified BSD License\par
\par
\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \par
are met:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above \par
   copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above \par
   copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following \par
   disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided \par
   with the distribution.\par
   3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote \par
   products derived from this software without specific prior \par
   written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS \par
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED \par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE \par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY \par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL \par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE \par
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS \par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, \par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE \par
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, \par
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
-  Toniclf.jar\par
#######################################\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
 * contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
 * this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
 * The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
 * (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
 * the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
 *\par
 *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
 *\par
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
 * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
 * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
 * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
 * limitations under the License.\par
 */\par
\par
-  Toniclf_slim.jar\par
#######################################\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
 * contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
 * this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
 * The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
 * (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
 * the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
 *\par
 *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
 *\par
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
 * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
 * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
 * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
 * limitations under the License.\par
 */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
jQuery\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./jquery-1.4.1.js\par
#######################################\par
\par
/*!\par
 * jQuery JavaScript Library v1.4.1\par
 * http://jquery.com/\par
 *\par
 * Copyright 2010, John Resig\par
 * Dual licensed under the MIT or GPL Version 2 licenses.\par
 * http://jquery.org/license\par
 *\par
 * Includes Sizzle.js\par
 * http://sizzlejs.com/\par
 * Copyright 2010, The Dojo Foundation\par
 * Released under the MIT, BSD, and GPL Licenses.\par
 *\par
 * Date: Mon Jan 25 19:43:33 2010 -0500\par
 */\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./GPL_LICENSE.txt\par
#######################################\par
\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./MIT_LICENSE.txt\par
#######################################\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2010 John Resig, http://jquery.com/\par
 \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
 \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be\par
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
 \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION\par
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION\par
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Jungo 10.3.1 (certain files)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* Jungo Confidential. Copyright (c) 2011 Jungo Ltd.  http://www.jungo.com */\par
/* \par
 * This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it \par
 * under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by\par
* the Free Software Foundation.\par
* This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT\par
* ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or\par
* FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License v2 for\par
* more details.\par
* You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with\par
* this program. If not, contact Jungo Ltd. at\par
* http://www.jungo.com/openrg/opensource_ack.html\par
*/\par
/* \par
 * Alternately, if compiling for Microsoft Windows, Windows CE, Mac, this\par
* file is licensed under the WinDriver commercial license provided with the\par
* Software.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* Jungo Confidential. Copyright (c) 2011 Jungo Ltd.  http://www.jungo.com */\par
/* \par
 * This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it \par
 * under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by\par
* the Free Software Foundation.\par
* This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT\par
* ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or\par
* FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License v2 for\par
* more details.\par
* You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with\par
* this program. If not, contact Jungo Ltd. at\par
* http://www.jungo.com/openrg/opensource_ack.html\par
*/\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
libconfig\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (C) 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation,\par
Inc.\par
Written by Gary V. Vaughan, 2004\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2005-2010  Mark A Lindner\par
This file is part of libconfig.\par
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License\par
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of\par
the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with this library; if not, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
   \par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
A Bison parser, made by GNU Bison 2.4.1.  */\par
Skeleton implementation for Bison's Yacc-like parsers in C\par
Copyright (C) 1984, 1989, 1990, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  \par
As a special exception, you may create a larger work that contains\par
part or all of the Bison parser skeleton and distribute that work\par
under terms of your choice, so long as that work isn't itself a\par
parser generator using the skeleton or a modified version thereof\par
as a parser skeleton.  Alternatively, if you modify or redistribute\par
the parser skeleton itself, you may (at your option) remove this\par
special exception, which will cause the skeleton and the resulting\par
Bison output files to be licensed under the GNU General Public\par
License without this special exception.\par
This special exception was added by the Free Software Foundation in\par
version 2.2 of Bison.  */\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,\par
2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc.\par
This configure script is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify it.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,\par
2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009  Free Software Foundation,\par
Inc.\par
This Makefile.in is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without\par
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
Written by Gary V. Vaughan, 2004\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006,\par
2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO\par
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
GNU Libtool is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
As a special exception to the GNU General Public License,\par
if you distribute this file as part of a program or library that\par
is built using GNU Libtool, you may include this file under the\par
same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.\par
GNU Libtool is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GNU Libtool; see the file COPYING.  If not, a copy\par
can be downloaded from http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html,\par
or obtained by writing to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,\par
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,\par
2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without\par
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright 2006-2008 The FLWOR Foundation.\par
\par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
\par
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
\par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
limitations under the License.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
   \par
Copyright (C) 2005-2010  Mark A Lindner\par
This file is part of libconfig.\par
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License\par
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of\par
the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307  USA\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
   \par
Copyright (C) 2004 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
Written by Scott James Remnant, 2004\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005,\par
2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
Written by Gordon Matzigkeit, 1996\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2010  Mark A Lindner\par
This file is part of tinytest.\par
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License\par
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of\par
the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with this library; if not, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
  \par
Copyright (C) 2004, 2005, 2007, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
Written by Scott James Remnant, 2004.\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
A Bison parser, made by GNU Bison 2.4.1.  */\par
Skeleton interface for Bison's Yacc-like parsers in C\par
Copyright (C) 1984, 1989, 1990, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  \par
As a special exception, you may create a larger work that contains\par
part or all of the Bison parser skeleton and distribute that work\par
under terms of your choice, so long as that work isn't itself a\par
parser generator using the skeleton or a modified version thereof\par
as a parser skeleton.  Alternatively, if you modify or redistribute\par
the parser skeleton itself, you may (at your option) remove this\par
special exception, which will cause the skeleton and the resulting\par
Bison output files to be licensed under the GNU General Public\par
License without this special exception.\par
This special exception was added by the Free Software Foundation in\par
version 2.2 of Bison.  */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
libedit\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (c) 1992, 1993\par
\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
This code is derived from software contributed to Berkeley by Christos Zoulas of Cornell University.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Liberty Parser\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
  Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Synopsys, Inc.    ALL RIGHTS RESERVED\par
  The contents of this file are subject to the restrictions and limitations\par
  set forth in the SYNOPSYS Open Source License Version 1.0  (the "License"); \par
  you may not use this file except in compliance with such restrictions \par
  and limitations. You may obtain instructions on how to receive a copy of \par
  the License at\par
  http://www.synopsys.com/partners/tapin/tapinprogram.html. \par
  Software distributed by Original Contributor under the License is \par
  distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either \par
  expressed or implied. See the License for the specific language governing \par
  rights and limitations under the License.\par
\par
SYNOPSYS Open Source\par
SDC License Agreement\par
\par
THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS SYNOPSYS OPEN SOURCE LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.\par
\par
1. DEFINITIONS \par
"Contribution" means: \par
\par
a) in the case of Synopsys, Inc., ("Synopsys"), the Original Program, and\par
b) in the case of each Contributor,\par
i) changes to the Program, and\par
ii) additions to the Program;\par
\par
where such changes and/or additions to the Program originate from and are distributed by that particular Contributor. A Contribution 'originates' from a Contributor if it was made by such Contributor itself or anyone acting on such Contributor's behalf. Contributions do not include additions to the Program which: (i) are separate modules of software distributed in conjunction with the Program under their own license agreement, and (ii) are not derivative works of the Program.\par
\par
"Contributor" means Synopsys and any other entity that distributes the Program.\par
\par
"Licensed Patents " mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor that are necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or when combined with the Program. A Licensed Patent only includes claims directed towards a data structure, algorithm, technique or method that is directly implemented by the Contribution alone or by the Contribution combined with the Program existing at the time the Contribution is made.\par
\par
"Original Program" means the original version of the SDC format specification and reference implementation accompanying this Agreement as released by Synopsys, including source code, object code and documentation, if any.\par
\par
"Program" means the Original Program and other Contributions.\par
\par
"Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this Agreement, including all Contributors.\par
\par
2. GRANT OF RIGHTS \par
a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, distribute and sublicense the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, and such derivative works, in source code and object code form.\par
\par
b) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under that Contributor's Licensed Patents to make, use, sell, offer to sell, import and otherwise transfer the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, in source code and object code form. This patent license shall apply to the combination of the Contribution and the Program if, at the time the Contribution is added by the Contributor, such addition of the Contribution causes such combination to be covered by the Licensed Patents. The scope of a Contributor's Licensed Patents shall be limited solely to the extent of that Contributor's Contribution. The patent license shall not apply to any other combinations that include the Contribution.\par
\par
c) Recipient understands that although each Contributor grants the licenses to its Contributions set forth herein, no assurances are provided by any Contributor that the Program does not infringe the patent or other intellectual property rights of any other entity. Each Contributor disclaims any liability to Recipient for claims brought by any other entity based on infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise. As a condition to exercising the rights and licenses granted hereunder, each Recipient hereby assumes sole responsibility to secure any other intellectual property rights needed, if any. For example, if a third party patent license is required to allow Recipient to distribute the Program, it is Recipient's responsibility to acquire that license before distributing the Program.\par
\par
d) Each Contributor represents that to its knowledge it has sufficient copyright rights in its Contribution, if any, to grant the copyright license set forth in this Agreement.\par
\par
3. REQUIREMENTS \par
A Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form under its own license agreement, provided that:\par
\par
a) it complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and\par
\par
b) its license agreement:\par
\par
i) effectively disclaims on behalf of all Contributors all warranties and conditions, express and implied, including warranties or conditions of title and non-infringement, and implied warranties or conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose;\par
\par
ii) effectively excludes on behalf of all Contributors all liability for damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental and consequential damages, such as lost profits;\par
\par
iii) states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement are offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other party; and\par
\par
iv) states that source code for the Program is available from such Contributor, and informs licensees how to obtain it in a reasonable manner on or through a medium customarily used for software exchange.\par
\par
When the Program is made available in source code form:\par
\par
a) it must be made available under this Agreement; and\par
\par
b) a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the Program.\par
\par
Each Contributor must include the following in a conspicuous location in the Program:\par
\par
Copyright \u169C {date here}, Synopsys, Inc. and others. All Rights reserved.\par
\par
In addition, each Contributor must identify itself as the originator of its Contribution, if any, in a manner that reasonably allows subsequent Recipients to identify the originator of the Contribution.\par
\par
4. COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION \par
Commercial distributors of software may accept certain responsibilities with respect to end users, business partners and the like. While this license is intended to facilitate the commercial use of the Program, the Contributor who includes the Program in a commercial product offering should do so in a manner which does not create potential liability for other Contributors. Therefore, if a Contributor includes the Program in a commercial product offering, such Contributor ("Commercial Contributor") hereby agrees to defend and indemnify every other Contributor ("Indemnified Contributor") against any losses, damages and costs (collectively "Losses") arising from claims, lawsuits and other legal actions brought by a third party against the Indemnified Contributor to the extent caused by the acts or omissions of such Commercial Contributor in connection with its distribution of the Program in a commercial product offering. The obligations in this section do not apply to any claims or Losses relating to any actual or alleged intellectual property infringement. In order to qualify, an Indemnified Contributor must: a) promptly notify the Commercial Contributor in writing of such claim, and b) allow the Commercial Contributor to control, and cooperate with the Commercial Contributor in, the defense and any related settlement negotiations. The Indemnified Contributor may participate in any such claim at its own expense. \par
\par
For example, a Contributor might include the Program in a commercial product offering, Product X. That Contributor is then a Commercial Contributor. If that Commercial Contributor then makes performance claims, or offers warranties related to Product X, those performance claims and warranties are such Commercial Contributor's responsibility alone. Under this section, the Commercial Contributor would have to defend claims against the other Contributors related to those performance claims and warranties, and if a court requires any other Contributor to pay any damages as a result, the Commercial Contributor must pay those damages.\par
\par
5. NO WARRANTY \par
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each Recipient is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and distributing the Program and assumes all risks associated with its exercise of rights under this Agreement, including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and unavailability or interruption of operations.\par
\par
6. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY \par
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\par
\par
7. GENERAL \par
If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms of this Agreement, and without further action by the parties hereto, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable.\par
\par
If Recipient institutes patent litigation against a Contributor with respect to a patent applicable to software (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit), then any patent licenses granted by that Contributor to such Recipient under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed. In addition, If Recipient institutes patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Program itself (excluding combinations of the Program with other software or hardware) infringes such Recipient's patent(s), then such Recipient's rights granted under Section 2(b) shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.\par
\par
All Recipient's rights under this Agreement shall terminate if it fails to comply with any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and does not cure such failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming aware of such noncompliance. If all Recipient's rights under this Agreement terminate, Recipient agrees to cease use and distribution of the Program as soon as reasonably practicable. However, Recipient's obligations under this Agreement and any licenses granted by Recipient relating to the Program shall continue and survive.\par
\par
Synopsys may publish new versions (including revisions) of this Agreement from time to time. Each new version of the Agreement will be given a distinguishing version number. The Program (including Contributions) may always be distributed subject to the version of the Agreement under which it was received. In addition, after a new version of the Agreement is published, Contributor may elect to distribute the Program (including its Contributions) under the new version. No one other than Synopsys has the right to modify this Agreement. Except as expressly stated in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, Recipient receives no rights or licenses to the intellectual property of any Contributor under this Agreement, whether expressly, by implication, estoppel or otherwise. All rights in the Program not expressly granted under this Agreement are reserved.\par
\par
This Agreement is governed by the laws of California, without reference to conflict of laws principles. Each party waives its rights to a jury trial in any resulting litigation.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
libftdi v0.02 \par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
The text of the GNU Library General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
copyright : (C) 2009 Micah Dowty 2010 Uwe Bonnes\par
copyright : (C) 2003-2011 by Intra2net AG and the libftdi developers\par
copyright : (C) 2008 by Marek Vavru\u154sa\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2008 by Marek Vavru\u154sa\par
The software in this package is distributed under the GNU General\par
Public License version 2 (with a special exception described below).\par
A copy of GNU General Public License (GPL) is made available below in Part Four of this document.\par
As a special exception, if other files instantiate templates or use macros\par
or inline functions from this file, or you compile this file and link it\par
with other works to produce a work based on this file, this file\par
does not by itself cause the resulting work to be covered\par
by the GNU General Public License.\par
However the source code for this file must still be made available\par
in accordance with section (3) of the GNU General Public License.\par
This exception does not invalidate any other reasons why a work based\par
on this file might be covered by the GNU General Public License.\par
\par
copyright : (C) 2003-2011 by Intra2net AG and the libftdi \par
copyright : (C) 2003-2011 by Intra2net AG and the libftdi developers\par
                                                                       \par
   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify  \par
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as     \par
   published by the Free Software Foundation.                            \par
                                                                         \par
copyright : (C) 2003-2011 by Intra2net AG and the libftdi developers\par
                                                                         \par
   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify  \par
   it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License           \par
   version 2.1 as published by the Free Software Foundation   \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
libgcc_s\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (c) 1999-2010 Free Software Foundation\par
\par
This file is part of GCC. This file is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
This file is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version 3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program; see the files COPYING3 and COPYING.RUNTIME respectively.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
The text of the GCC RUNTIME LIBRARY EXCEPTION Version 3.1 (31 March 2009), a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here.\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 3 (29 June 2007), a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 (29 June 2007), a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1 (February 1999), a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s)..\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 (June 1991), a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
Contributed by Michael Eager <eager@eagercon.com>.\par
\par
Contributed by Jon Beniston <jon@beniston.com>\par
\par
Contributed by Jon Beniston <jon@beniston.com> and Richard Henderson.\par
\par
Contributed by Red Hat.\par
\par
Contributed by Hartmut Penner (hpenner@de.ibm.com) and Ulrich Weigand (uweigand@de.ibm.com).\par
\par
Contributed by CodeSourcery, LLC   \par
\par
Contributed by Ian Lance Taylor <iant@google.com>.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
libgomp\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2005 - 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   Contributed by Danny Smith <dannysmith@users.sourceforge.net>\par
   Contributed by ARM Ltd.\par
   Contributed by Francois-Xavier Coudert <coudert@clipper.ens.fr>\par
   Contributed by Ilie Garbacea <ilie@mips.com>, Chao-ying Fu <fu@mips.com>.\par
   Contributed by Jakub Jelinek <jakub@redhat.com>.\par
   Contributed by Richard Henderson <rth@redhat.com>.\par
\par
\par
The following copyright notice applies to all the files in the GNU OpenMP Library (libgomp):\par
"This file is part of the GNU OpenMP Library (libgomp).\par
   Libgomp is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
   under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
   any later version.\par
\par
   Libgomp is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY\par
   WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS\par
   FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for\par
   more details.\par
\par
   Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
   permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
   3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
   a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program;\par
   see the files COPYING3 and COPYING.RUNTIME respectively.  If not, see\par
   <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>."\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
The text of the GCC RUNTIME LIBRARY EXCEPTION Version 3.1 (31 March 2009), a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here.\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 (June 1991), a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
libpcap\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./acconfig.h\par
Long story short: aclocal.m4 depends on autoconf 2.13\par
implementation details wrt "const"; newer versions\par
have different implementation details so for now we\par
put "const" here.  This may cause duplicate definitions\par
in config.h but that should be OK since they're the same.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./arcnet.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1982, 1986, 1993\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the University of\par
California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
@(#) $Id: arcnet.h,v 1.2 2001/04/24 02:17:52 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
\par
from: NetBSD: if_arc.h,v 1.13 1999/11/19 20:41:19 thorpej Exp\par
\par
RFC 1051 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./atmuni31.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997 Yen Yen Lim and North Dakota State University\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by Yen Yen Lim and\par
North Dakota State University\par
4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,\par
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,\par
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN\par
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/atmuni31.h,v 1.1.6.2 2007/10/22 19:30:14 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
\par
Based on UNI3.1 standard by ATM Forum \par
ATM traffic types based on VPI=0 and (the following VCI \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./bpf_dump.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./bpf_filter.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
This code is derived from the Stanford/CMU enet packet filter,\par
(net/enet.c) distributed as part of 4.3BSD, and code contributed\par
to Berkeley by Steven McCanne and Van Jacobson both of Lawrence\par
Berkeley Laboratory.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the University of\par
California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
@(#)bpf.c	7.5 (Berkeley) 7/15/91\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./bpf_image.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1994, 1995, 1996\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./dlpisubs.c\par
\par
This code is derived from code formerly in pcap-dlpi.c, originally\par
contributed by Atanu Ghosh (atanu@cs.ucl.ac.uk), University College\par
London, and subsequently modified by Guy Harris (guy@alum.mit.edu),\par
Mark Pizzolato <List-tcpdump-workers@subscriptions.pizzolato.net>,\par
Mark C. Brown (mbrown@hp.com), and Sagun Shakya <Sagun.Shakya@Sun.COM>.\par
\par
This file contains dlpi/libdlpi related common functions used\par
by pcap-[dlpi,libdlpi].c.\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./etherent.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./ethertype.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1996\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/ethertype.h,v 1.14 2005/09/05 09:06:58 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./fad-getad.c\par
Mode: c; tab-width: 8; indent-tabs-mode: 1; c-basic-offset: 8; -*- */\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved. \par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the Computer Systems\par
Engineering Group at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor of the Laboratory may be used\par
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./fad-gifc.c\par
Mode: c; tab-width: 8; indent-tabs-mode: 1; c-basic-offset: 8; -*- */\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the Computer Systems\par
Engineering Group at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor of the Laboratory may be used\par
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./fad-glifc.c\par
Mode: c; tab-width: 8; indent-tabs-mode: 1; c-basic-offset: 8; -*- */\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved. \par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the Computer Systems\par
Engineering Group at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor of the Laboratory may be used\par
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./fad-null.c\par
Mode: c; tab-width: 8; indent-tabs-mode: 1; c-basic-offset: 8; -*- */\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the Computer Systems\par
Engineering Group at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor of the Laboratory may be used\par
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./fad-sita.c\par
\par
fad-sita.c: Packet capture interface additions for SITA ACN devices\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Fulko Hew, SITA INC Canada, Inc <fulko.hew@sita.aero>\par
\par
License: BSD\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
distribution.\par
3. The names of the authors may not be used to endorse or promote\par
products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./fad-win32.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2002 - 2005 NetGroup, Politecnico di Torino (Italy)\par
Copyright (c) 2005 - 2006 CACE Technologies, Davis (California)\par
All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the Politecnico di Torino, CACE Technologies \par
nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote \par
products derived from this software without specific prior written \par
permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./filtertest.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 2000\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./gencode.c\par
#define CHASE_CHAIN*/\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./gencode.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/gencode.h,v 1.70.2.1 2007/11/18 02:04:55 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
 \par
\par
--------------\par
ATM support:\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997 Yen Yen Lim and North Dakota State University\par
 All rights reserved.\par
\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by Yen Yen Lim and\par
North Dakota State University\par
4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,\par
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
 (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,\par
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN\par
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./ieee80211.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001 Atsushi Onoe\par
Copyright (c) 2002-2005 Sam Leffler, Errno Consulting\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
Alternatively, this software may be distributed under the terms of the\par
GNU General Public License ("GPL") version 2 as published by the Free\par
Software Foundation.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
$FreeBSD: src/sys/net80211/ieee80211.h,v 1.10 2005/07/22 16:55:27 sam Exp $\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./inet.c\par
Mode: c; tab-width: 8; indent-tabs-mode: 1; c-basic-offset: 8; -*- */\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the Computer Systems\par
Engineering Group at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor of the Laboratory may be used\par
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./llc.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/llc.h,v 1.2 2001/01/28 09:44:50 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
\par
802.2 LLC SAP values.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./nametoaddr.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
Name to id translation routines used by the scanner.\par
These functions are not time critical.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./nlpid.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996\par
Juniper Networks, Inc.  All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution.  The name of Juniper Networks may not\par
be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/nlpid.h,v 1.2 2002/12/06 00:01:34 hannes Exp $ (Juniper)\par
\par
Types missing from some systems \par
\par
Network layer prototocol identifiers\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./optimize.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
Optimization module for tcpdump intermediate representation.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-bpf.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-bpf.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
 \par
This code is derived from the Stanford/CMU enet packet filter,\par
 (net/enet.c) distributed as part of 4.3BSD, and code contributed\par
to Berkeley by Steven McCanne and Van Jacobson both of Lawrence \par
Berkeley Laboratory.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the University of\par
California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/pcap-bpf.h,v 1.50 2007/04/01 21:43:55 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
\par
\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-bt-linux.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Paolo Abeni (Italy)\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote \par
products derived from this software without specific prior written \par
permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
Bluetooth sniffing API implementation for Linux platform\par
By Paolo Abeni <paolo.abeni@email.it>\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-bt-linux.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Paolo Abeni (Italy)\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
 \par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote \par
products derived from this software without specific prior written \par
permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
Bluetooth sniffing API implementation for Linux platform\par
By Paolo Abeni <paolo.abeni@email.it>\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/pcap-bt-linux.h,v 1.4.2.1 2008-04-04 19:39:05 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
 \par
 Prototypes for Bluetooth-related functions\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-dlpi.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-int.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994, 1995, 1996\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the Computer Systems\par
Engineering Group at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor of the Laboratory may be used\par
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/pcap-int.h,v 1.85.2.9 2008-09-16 00:21:08 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-libdlpi.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-linux.c\par
\par
pcap-linux.c: Packet capture interface to the Linux kernel\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000 Torsten Landschoff <torsten@debian.org>\par
Sebastian Krahmer  <krahmer@cs.uni-potsdam.de>\par
\par
License: BSD\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
 \par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
distribution.\par
3. The names of the authors may not be used to endorse or promote\par
products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
Modifications:     Added PACKET_MMAP support\par
Paolo Abeni <paolo.abeni@email.it> \par
\par
based on previous works of:\par
Simon Patarin <patarin@cs.unibo.it>\par
Phil Wood <cpw@lanl.gov>\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-namedb.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994, 1996\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the Computer Systems\par
Engineering Group at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor of the Laboratory may be used\par
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/pcap-namedb.h,v 1.13 2006/10/04 18:13:32 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
 \par
\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-nit.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-null.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994, 1995, 1996\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-pf.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
packet filter subroutines for tcpdump\par
Extraction/creation by Jeffrey Mogul, DECWRL\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-sita.c\par
\par
pcap-sita.c: Packet capture interface additions for SITA ACN devices\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 Fulko Hew, SITA INC Canada, Inc <fulko.hew@sita.aero>\par
\par
License: BSD\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
 \par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
distribution.\par
3. The names of the authors may not be used to endorse or promote\par
products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 \par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-snit.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
Modifications made to accommodate the new SunOS4.0 NIT facility by\par
Micky Liu, micky@cunixc.cc.columbia.edu, Columbia University in May, 1989.\par
This module now handles the STREAMS based NIT.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-snoop.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-stdinc.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2002 - 2003\par
NetGroup, Politecnico di Torino (Italy)\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
 \par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the Politecnico di Torino nor the names of its\par
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/pcap-stdinc.h,v 1.10.2.1 2008-10-06 15:38:39 gianluca Exp $ (LBL)\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-usb-linux.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Paolo Abeni (Italy)\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
 \par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote \par
products derived from this software without specific prior written \par
permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
USB sniffing API implementation for Linux platform\par
By Paolo Abeni <paolo.abeni@email.it>\par
Modifications: Kris Katterjohn <katterjohn@gmail.com>\par
 \par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-usb-linux.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Paolo Abeni (Italy)\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote \par
products derived from this software without specific prior written \par
permission.\par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
USB sniffing API implementation for Linux platform\par
 By Paolo Abeni <paolo.abeni@email.it>\par
 \par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/pcap-usb-linux.h,v 1.4.2.1 2008-04-04 19:39:06 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
 \par
\par
Prototypes for USB-related functions\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap-win32.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999 - 2005 NetGroup, Politecnico di Torino (Italy)\par
Copyright (c) 2005 - 2008 CACE Technologies, Davis (California)\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the Politecnico di Torino, CACE Technologies \par
nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote \par
products derived from this software without specific prior written \par
permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the Computer Systems\par
Engineering Group at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor of the Laboratory may be used\par
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission.\par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the Computer Systems\par
Engineering Group at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor of the Laboratory may be used\par
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/pcap.h,v 1.59 2006/10/04 18:09:22 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./ppp.h\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/ppp.h,v 1.12 2005/02/08 19:52:19 guy Exp $ (LBL) */\par
\par
Point to Point Protocol (PPP) RFC1331\par
\par
Copyright 1989 by Carnegie Mellon.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this program for any\par
purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that this copyright\par
and permission notice appear on all copies and supporting documentation,\par
the name of Carnegie Mellon not be used in advertising or publicity\par
pertaining to distribution of the program without specific prior\par
permission, and notice be given in supporting documentation that copying\par
and distribution is by permission of Carnegie Mellon and Stanford\par
University.  Carnegie Mellon makes no representations about the\par
suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is"\par
without express or implied warranty.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./savefile.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
savefile.c - supports offline use of tcpdump\par
Extraction/creation by Jeffrey Mogul, DECWRL\par
Modified by Steve McCanne, LBL.\par
\par
Used to save the received packet headers, after filtering, to\par
a file, and then read them later.\par
The first record in the file contains saved values for the machine\par
dependent values so we can print the dump file on any architecture.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./sunatmpos.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997 Yen Yen Lim and North Dakota State University\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by Yen Yen Lim and\par
North Dakota State University\par
4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,\par
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
 (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,\par
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN\par
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/sunatmpos.h,v 1.1 2002/07/11 09:06:47 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
\par
SunATM header for ATM packet */\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Src/ffs.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1993\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the University of\par
California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Src/gai_strerror.c\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1995, 1996, 1997, and 1998 WIDE Project.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the project nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
#include <sys/cdefs.h>\par
__FBSDID("$FreeBSD: /repoman/r/ncvs/src/lib/libc/net/gai_strerror.c,v 1.1 2005/04/06 12:45:51 ume Exp $");\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Src/getaddrinfo.c\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1995, 1996, 1997, and 1998 WIDE Project.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the project nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Src/getnetbynm.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1983 Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
by the University of California, Berkeley.  The name of the\par
University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Src/getnetent.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1983 Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
by the University of California, Berkeley.  The name of the\par
University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Src/getopt.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1987, 1993, 1994\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the University of\par
California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Src/getservent.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1983, 1993\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the University of\par
California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Src/inet_aton.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 1997 Kungliga Tekniska H\u246ogskolan\par
(Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden).\par
All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
 \par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 \par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the Kungliga Tekniska\par
H\u246ogskolan and its contributors.\par
\par
4. Neither the name of the Institute nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INSTITUTE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
$Id: inet_aton.c,v 1.2 2003/11/15 23:24:06 guy Exp $ */\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Src/inet_net.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1983, 1993\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the University of\par
California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Src/inet_pton.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999 Kungliga Tekniska H\u246ogskolan\par
 (Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden).\par
All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the Kungliga Tekniska\par
H\u246ogskolan and its contributors.\par
\par
4. Neither the name of the Institute nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INSTITUTE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
$Id: inet_pton.c,v 1.3 2007/09/27 18:02:20 gianluca Exp $ */\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Include/addrinfo.h\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, and 1999 WIDE Project.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the project nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
$Id: addrinfo.h,v 1.1 2002/08/01 08:33:05 risso Exp $ */\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Include/bittypes.h\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1999 WIDE Project.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the project nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Include/cdecl_ext.h\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1999 WIDE Project.\par
All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the project nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Include/inetprivate.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999 - 2003\par
NetGroup, Politecnico di Torino (Italy)\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the Politecnico di Torino nor the names of its\par
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Include/ip6_misc.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/Win32/Include/ip6_misc.h,v 1.5 2006/01/22 18:02:18 gianluca Exp $ (LBL)\par
\par
This file contains a collage of declarations for IPv6 from FreeBSD not present in Windows\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Include/sockstorage.h\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1999 WIDE Project.\par
All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the project nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Include/net/if.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1982, 1986, 1989, 1993\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
 must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the University of\par
 California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
@(#)if.h	8.1 (Berkeley) 6/10/93\par
$FreeBSD: src/sys/net/if.h,v 1.49.2.1 1999/08/29 16:28:15 peter Exp $\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Include/net/netdb.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1980, 1983, 1988, 1993\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the University of\par
California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
	@(#)netdb.h	8.1 (Berkeley) 6/2/93\par
      netdb.h,v 1.4 1995/08/14 04:05:04 hjl Exp\par
\par
Portions Copyright (c) 1993 by Digital Equipment Corporation.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute this software for any\par
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies, and that\par
the name of Digital Equipment Corporation not be used in advertising or\par
publicity pertaining to distribution of the document or software without\par
specific, written prior permission.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORP. DISCLAIMS ALL\par
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS.   IN NO EVENT SHALL DIGITAL EQUIPMENT\par
CORPORATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR\par
PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS\par
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE.\par
 \par
--Copyright--\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Include/net/paths.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1989 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the University of\par
California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
@(#)paths.h	5.15 (Berkeley) 5/29/91\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./Win32/Include/arpa/nameser.h\par
++Copyright++ 1983, 1989, 1993\par
Copyright (c) 1983, 1989, 1993\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the University of\par
California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
 \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
Portions Copyright (c) 1993 by Digital Equipment Corporation.\par
 \par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies, and that\par
the name of Digital Equipment Corporation not be used in advertising or\par
publicity pertaining to distribution of the document or software without\par
specific, written prior permission.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORP. DISCLAIMS ALL\par
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS.   IN NO EVENT SHALL DIGITAL EQUIPMENT\par
CORPORATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR\par
PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS\par
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
--Copyright--\par
\par
@(#)nameser.h	8.1 (Berkeley) 6/2/93\par
nameser.h,v 1.2 1995/05/06 14:23:54 hjl Exp\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap/bluetooth.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Paolo Abeni (Italy)\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote \par
products derived from this software without specific prior written \par
permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
bluetooth data struct\par
By Paolo Abeni <paolo.abeni@email.it>\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/pcap/bluetooth.h,v 1.1 2007/09/22 02:10:17 guy Exp $\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap/bpf.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
This code is derived from the Stanford/CMU enet packet filter,\par
 (net/enet.c) distributed as part of 4.3BSD, and code contributed\par
to Berkeley by Steven McCanne and Van Jacobson both of Lawrence \par
Berkeley Laboratory.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the University of\par
California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
@(#)bpf.h       7.1 (Berkeley) 5/7/91\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/pcap/bpf.h,v 1.19.2.8 2008-09-22 20:16:01 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap/namedb.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994, 1996\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the Computer Systems\par
Engineering Group at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor of the Laboratory may be used\par
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/pcap/namedb.h,v 1.1 2006/10/04 18:09:22 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap/pcap.h\par
Mode: c; tab-width: 8; indent-tabs-mode: 1; c-basic-offset: 8; -*- */\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the Computer Systems\par
Engineering Group at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor of the Laboratory may be used\par
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/pcap/pcap.h,v 1.4.2.11 2008-10-06 15:38:39 gianluca Exp $ (LBL)\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap/sll.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
This code is derived from the Stanford/CMU enet packet filter,\par
(net/enet.c) distributed as part of 4.3BSD, and code contributed\par
to Berkeley by Steven McCanne and Van Jacobson both of Lawrence\par
Berkeley Laboratory.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the University of\par
California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/pcap/sll.h,v 1.2.2.1 2008-05-30 01:36:06 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap/usb.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006 Paolo Abeni (Italy)\par
All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote \par
products derived from this software without specific prior written \par
permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
Basic USB data struct\par
By Paolo Abeni <paolo.abeni@email.it>\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/pcap/usb.h,v 1.6 2007/09/22 02:06:08 guy Exp $\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./pcap/vlan.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the University of\par
California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/pcap/vlan.h,v 1.1.2.2 2008-08-06 07:45:59 guy Exp $\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./net/bpf_filter.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
This code is derived from the Stanford/CMU enet packet filter,\par
(net/enet.c) distributed as part of 4.3BSD, and code contributed\par
Berkeley Laboratory.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the University of\par
California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
@(#)bpf.c	7.5 (Berkeley) 7/15/91\par
 \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./msdos/bin2c.c\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./msdos/ndis2.c\par
 \par
Copyright (c) 1993,1994\par
Texas A&M University.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by Texas A&M University\par
and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE UNIVERSITY AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
Developers:\par
             David K. Hess, Douglas Lee Schales, David R. Safford\par
Heavily modified for Metaware HighC + GNU C 2.8+\par
          Gisle Vanem 1998\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./msdos/ndis2.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993,1994\par
Texas A&M University.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
    must display the following acknowledgement:\par
    This product includes software developed by Texas A&M University\par
    and its contributors.\par
 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
     may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
     without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE UNIVERSITY AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
Developers:\par
              David K. Hess, Douglas Lee Schales, David R. Safford\par
 \par
Heavily modified for Metaware HighC + GNU C 2.8+\par
             Gisle Vanem 1998\par
--------------\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./missing/snprintf.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1995-1999 Kungliga Tekniska H\u246ogskolan\par
(Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden).\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. Neither the name of the Institute nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INSTITUTE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
$Id: snprintf.c,v 1.1 2004/04/05 22:43:51 guy Exp $ \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./lbl/os-aix4.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 \par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/lbl/os-aix4.h,v 1.1 2002/06/01 09:37:40 guy Exp $\par
\par
Prototypes missing in AIX 4.x */\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./lbl/os-hpux11.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/lbl/os-hpux11.h,v 1.1 2002/06/01 09:37:41 guy Exp $\par
 \par
Prototypes missing in HP-UX 11.x \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./lbl/os-osf4.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/lbl/os-osf4.h,v 1.2 2000/12/22 11:51:33 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
\par
Prototypes missing in Digital UNIX 4.x \par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./lbl/os-osf5.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/lbl/os-osf5.h,v 1.2 2002/08/02 03:24:15 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
\par
Prototypes missing in Tru64 UNIX 5.x\par
XXX - "snprintf()" and "vsnprintf()" aren't missing, but you have to\par
#define the right value to get them defined by <stdio.h>.\par
\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./lbl/os-solaris2.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/lbl/os-solaris2.h,v 1.19 2000/10/11 04:02:52 guy Exp $ (LBL)\par
\par
Prototypes missing in SunOS 5 */\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./lbl/os-sunos4.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1989, 1990, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/lbl/os-sunos4.h,v 1.32.1.1 1999/10/07 23:46:41 mcr Exp $ (LBL)\par
\par
Prototypes missing in SunOS 4 */\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./lbl/os-ultrix4.h\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions\par
retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2)\par
distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and\par
this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials\par
provided with the distribution, and (3) all advertising materials mentioning\par
features or use of this software display the following acknowledgement:\par
"This product includes software developed by the University of California,\par
Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.'' Neither the name of\par
the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse\par
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior\par
written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
@(#) $Header: /tcpdump/master/libpcap/lbl/os-ultrix4.h,v 1.19.1.1 1999/10/07 23:46:41 mcr Exp $ (LBL)\par
\par
Prototypes missing in Ultrix 4 */\par
--------------\par
File: /home/sps/ttt/libpcap-1.0.0/./bpf/net/bpf_filter.c\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
This code is derived from the Stanford/CMU enet packet filter,\par
(net/enet.c) distributed as part of 4.3BSD, and code contributed\par
to Berkeley by Steven McCanne and Van Jacobson both of Lawrence\par
Berkeley Laboratory.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
must display the following acknowledgement:\par
This product includes software developed by the University of\par
California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
@(#)bpf.c	7.5 (Berkeley) 7/15/91\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
libpng\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
This copy of the libpng notices is provided for your convenience.  In case of any discrepancy between this copy and the notices in the file png.h that is included in the libpng distribution, the latter shall prevail.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE:\par
\par
If you modify libpng you may insert additional notices immediately following this sentence.\par
\par
libpng versions 1.0.7, July 1, 2000, through 1.2.5, October 3, 2002, are Copyright (c) 2000-2002 Glenn Randers-Pehrson and are distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-1.0.6 with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors\par
\par
   Simon-Pierre Cadieux\par
   Eric S. Raymond\par
   Gilles Vollant\par
\par
and with the following additions to the disclaimer:\par
\par
There is no warranty against interference with your enjoyment of the library or against infringement.  There is no warranty that our efforts or the library will fulfill any of your particular purposes or needs.  This library is provided with all faults, and the entire risk of satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy, and effort is with the user.\par
\par
libpng versions 0.97, January 1998, through 1.0.6, March 20, 2000, are Copyright (c) 1998, 1999 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.96,\par
with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors:\par
\par
   Tom Lane\par
   Glenn Randers-Pehrson\par
   Willem van Schaik\par
\par
libpng versions 0.89, June 1996, through 0.96, May 1997, are Copyright (c) 1996, 1997 Andreas Dilger \par
Distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.88,\par
with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors:\par
\par
   John Bowler\par
   Kevin Bracey\par
   Sam Bushell\par
   Magnus Holmgren\par
   Greg Roelofs\par
   Tom Tanner\par
\par
libpng versions 0.5, May 1995, through 0.88, January 1996, are Copyright (c) 1995, 1996 Guy Eric Schalnat, Group 42, Inc.\par
\par
For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Contributing Authors" is defined as the following set of individuals:\par
\par
   Andreas Dilger\par
   Dave Martindale\par
   Guy Eric Schalnat\par
   Paul Schmidt\par
   Tim Wegner\par
\par
The PNG Reference Library is supplied "AS IS".  The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability and of fitness for any purpose.  The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. assume no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages, which may result from the use of the PNG Reference Library, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this source code, or portions hereof, for any purpose, without fee, subject to the following restrictions:\par
\par
1. The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented.\par
\par
2. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented as being the original source.\par
\par
3. This Copyright notice may not be removed or altered from any source or altered source distribution.\par
\par
The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. specifically permit, without fee, and encourage the use of this source code as a component to supporting the PNG file format in commercial products.  If you use this source code in a product, acknowledgment is not required but would be appreciated.\par
\par
A "png_get_copyright" function is available, for convenient use in "about" boxes and the like:\par
\par
   printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL));\par
\par
Also, the PNG logo (in PNG format, of course) is supplied in the files "pngbar.png" and "pngbar.jpg (88x31) and "pngnow.png" (98x31).\par
\par
Libpng is OSI Certified Open Source Software.  OSI Certified Open Source is a certification mark of the Open Source Initiative.\par
\par
Glenn Randers-Pehrson\par
randeg@alum.rpi.edu\par
October 3, 2002\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
libstdc++\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (c) 1994-2011 Free Software Foundation\par
\par
This file is part of the libstdc++ version 3 distribution and/or the GNU ISO C++ Library.  \par
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version 3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this library; see the file COPYING3.  If not see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
The text of the GCC RUNTIME LIBRARY EXCEPTION Version 3.1 (31 March 2009), a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here.\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 3 (29 June 2007), a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 (29 June 2007), a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1 (February 1999), a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 (June 1991), a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
Copyright 2001 Benjamin Kosnik <bkoz@redhat.com>\par
Copyright (c) 2002-2009 Gabriel Dos Reis gdr@integrable-solutions.net\par
Copyright (c) 2002-2009 Benjamin Kosnik bkoz@redhat.com\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, sell, and distribute this software is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appears in all copies, and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation. None of the above authors, nor IBM Haifa Research Laboratories, make any representation about the suitability of this software for any purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this library; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.\par
\par
As a special exception, you may use this file as part of a free software library without restriction.  Specifically, if other files instantiate templates or use macros or inline functions from this file, or you compile this file and link it with other files to produce an executable, this file does not by itself cause the resulting executable to be covered by the GNU General Public License.  This exception does not however invalidate any other reasons why the executable file might be covered by the GNU General Public License.\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
Copyright (c) Jeremy Siek 2000. Permission to copy, use, modify, sell and distribute this software is granted provided this copyright notice appears in all copies. This software is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty, and with no claim as to its suitability for any purpose.\par
\par
Contributed by Michael Eager <eager@eagercon.com>.\par
\par
+++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
Distributed under the Boost Software License, Version 1.0. (See accompanying file LICENSE_1_0.txt or copy at\par
// http://www.boost.org/LICENSE_1_0.txt)\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
libunwind\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The following "permission notice" applies to all files in this package:\par
\par
This file is part of libunwind.\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining\par
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to\par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to\par
the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be\par
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\par
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION\par
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION\par
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
###\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998-2005 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P. and Hewlett-Packard Co.\par
   Contributed by David Mosberger-Tang <davidm@hpl.hp.com>\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 CodeSourcery\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2006-2007 IBM\par
   Contributed by\par
     Corey Ashford <cjashfor@us.ibm.com>\par
     Jose Flavio Aguilar Paulino <jflavio@br.ibm.com> <joseflavio@gmail.com>\par
   Copied from libunwind-x86_64.h, modified slightly for building\par
   frysk successfully on ppc64, by Wu Zhou <woodzltc@cn.ibm.com>\par
   Will be replaced when libunwind is ready on ppc64 platform.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007 David Mosberger-Tang\par
   Contributed by David Mosberger-Tang <dmosberger@gmail.com>\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2004 BEA Systems\par
   Contributed by Thomas Hallgren <thallgre@bea.com>\par
\par
Modified for x86_64 by Max Asbock <masbock@us.ibm.com>\par
Contributed by Max Asbock <masbock@us.ibm.com>\par
Copied from src/x86_64/, modified slightly (or made empty stubs) for building frysk successfully on ppc64, \par
by Wu Zhou <woodzltc@cn.ibm.com>\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
libusb 1.0.9\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here.\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2008-2009 Nathan Hjelm <hjelmn@users.sourceforge.net>\par
Copyright (c) 2001 Johannes Erdfelt <johannes@erdfelt.com>\par
Copyright (C) 2007-2009 Daniel Drake <dsd@gentoo.org>\par
Copyright (c) 2011 Martin Pieuchot <mpi@openbsd.org>\par
Copyright (C) 2010 Michael Plante <michael.plante@gmail.com>\par
Copyright (C) 2010-2011 Peter Stuge <peter@stuge.se>\par
Copyright (C) 2009-2010 Pete Batard <pbatard@gmail.com>\par
Copyright (C) 2011 Vitali Lovich <vlovich@aliph.com>\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
 This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO\par
 warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 GNU Libtool is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
 it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
 the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
 (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
 As a special exception to the GNU General Public License,\par
 if you distribute this file as part of a program or library that\par
 is built using GNU Libtool, you may include this file under the\par
 same distribution terms that you use for the rest of that program.\par
\par
 GNU Libtool is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
 WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
 MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
 General Public License for more details.\par
\par
 You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
 along with GNU Libtool; see the file COPYING.  If not, a copy\par
 can be downloaded from http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html,\par
 or obtained by writing to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,\par
 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,\par
2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without\par
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
LibXML2\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Except where otherwise noted in the source code (e.g. the files hash.c,\par
list.c and the trio files, which are covered by a similar licence but\par
with different Copyright notices) all the files are:\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 1998-2003 Daniel Veillard.  All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is fur-\par
nished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FIT-\par
NESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
DANIEL VEILLARD BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER\par
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CON-\par
NECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of Daniel Veillard shall not\par
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other deal-\par
ings in this Software without prior written authorization from him.\par
\par
 * Copyright (C) 2001 Bjorn Reese and Daniel Stenberg.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND\par
 * CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
 \par
 * Copyright (C) 1998 Bjorn Reese and Daniel Stenberg.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND\par
 * CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (C) 2000 Gary Pennington and Daniel Veillard.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND\par
 * CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (C) 2000 Bjorn Reese and Daniel Veillard.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND\par
 * CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (C) 2001 Bjorn Reese <breese@users.sourceforge.net>\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND\par
 * CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (C) 2001 Bjorn Reese and Daniel Stenberg.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND\par
 * CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (C) 2001 Bjorn Reese <breese@users.sourceforge.net>\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND\par
 * CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (C) 2001 Bjorn Reese <breese@users.sourceforge.net>\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND\par
 * CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
\par
* Copyright (C) 2003 Daniel Veillard.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND\par
 * CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (C) 2000 Bjorn Reese and Daniel Stenberg.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND\par
 * CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
#   Copyright (C) 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation,\par
#   Inc.\par
#   Written by Gary V. Vaughan, 2004\par
#\par
# This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
# unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
# modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
# Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,\par
# 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software\par
# Foundation, Inc.\par
#\par
#\par
# This configure script is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
# gives unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify it.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
#   Copyright (C) 2004, 2005, 2007, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#   Written by Scott James Remnant, 2004.\par
#\par
# This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
# unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
# modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
#   Copyright (C) 2004 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
#   Written by Scott James Remnant, 2004\par
#\par
# This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives\par
# unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it, with or without\par
# modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
libXSLT\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
Licence for libxslt except libexslt\par
****************************\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2001-2002 Daniel Veillard.  All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is fur-\par
nished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FIT-\par
NESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
DANIEL VEILLARD BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER\par
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CON-\par
NECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of Daniel Veillard shall not\par
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other deal-\par
ings in this Software without prior written authorization from him.\par
\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------\par
Licence for libexslt\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 2001-2002 Thomas Broyer, Charlie Bozeman and Daniel Veillard.\par
 All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is fur-\par
nished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FIT-\par
NESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER\par
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CON-\par
NECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of the authors shall not\par
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other deal-\par
ings in this Software without prior written authorization from him.\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (C) 1998 Bjorn Reese and Daniel Stenberg.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND\par
 * CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
 * Copyright (C) 2001 Bjorn Reese <breese@users.sourceforge.net>\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND\par
 * CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
# Copyright (C) 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,\par
# 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
# This file is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
# gives unlimited permission to copy and/or distribute it,\par
# with or without modifications, as long as this notice is preserved.\par
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law; without\par
# even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A\par
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
# Copyright (C) 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,\par
# 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
# This configure script is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
# gives unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify it.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
llvm\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
==============================================================================\par
LLVM Release License\par
==============================================================================\par
University of Illinois/NCSA\par
Open Source License\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2003-2012 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Developed by:\par
\par
    LLVM Team\par
\par
    University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign\par
\par
    http://llvm.org\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of\par
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with\par
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to\par
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies\par
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do\par
so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.\par
\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the\par
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
    * Neither the names of the LLVM Team, University of Illinois at\par
      Urbana-Champaign, nor the names of its contributors may be used to\par
      endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific\par
      prior written permission.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS\par
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
==============================================================================\par
Copyrights and Licenses for Third Party Software Distributed with LLVM:\par
==============================================================================\par
The LLVM software contains code written by third parties.  Such software will\par
have its own individual LICENSE.TXT file in the directory in which it appears.\par
This file will describe the copyrights, license, and restrictions which apply\par
to that code.\par
\par
The disclaimer of warranty in the University of Illinois Open Source License\par
applies to all code in the LLVM Distribution, and nothing in any of the\par
other licenses gives permission to use the names of the LLVM Team or the\par
University of Illinois to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
Software.\par
\par
The following pieces of software have additional or alternate copyrights,\par
licenses, and/or restrictions:\par
\par
Program             		Directory\par
-------             ---------\par
Autoconf            		llvm/autoconf\par
                    		llvm/projects/ModuleMaker/autoconf\par
                    		llvm/projects/sample/autoconf\par
CellSPU backend     	llvm/lib/Target/CellSPU/README.txt\par
Google Test         		llvm/utils/unittest/googletest\par
OpenBSD regex       	llvm/lib/Support/{reg*, COPYRIGHT.regex}\par
\par
For OpenBSD regex mentioned above, the following notices apply:\par
\par
Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry Spencer.  All rights reserved.\par
This software is not subject to any license of the American Telephone\par
and Telegraph Company or of the Regents of the University of California.\par
\par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose on\par
any computer system, and to alter it and redistribute it, subject\par
to the following restrictions:\par
\par
1. The author is not responsible for the consequences of use of this\par
   software, no matter how awful, even if they arise from flaws in it.\par
\par
2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented, either by\par
   explicit claim or by omission.  Since few users ever read sources,\par
   credits must appear in the documentation.\par
\par
3. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
   misrepresented as being the original software.  Since few users\par
   ever read sources, credits must appear in the documentation.\par
\par
4. This notice may not be removed or altered.\par
\par
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=\par
/*-\par
* Copyright (c) 1994\par
*    The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
*\par
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
* are met:\par
* 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
*    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
* 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
*    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
*    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
* 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
*    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
*    without specific prior written permission.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
* ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
* ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
* FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
* DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
* OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
* HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
* LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
* OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
* SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
llvm3.3\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2003-2013 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of\par
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with\par
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to\par
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies\par
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do\par
so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.\par
\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the\par
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
    * Neither the names of the LLVM Team, University of Illinois at\par
      Urbana-Champaign, nor the names of its contributors may be used to\par
      endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific\par
      prior written permission.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS\par
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (c) 2009 Chris Lattner\par
 *\par
 * Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
 * of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
 * in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
 * to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
 * copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
 * furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
 *\par
 * The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
 * all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
 *\par
 * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
 * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
 * AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
 * LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
 * OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN\par
 * THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (c) 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry Spencer.\par
 * Copyright (c) 1992, 1993, 1994\par
 *	The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * This code is derived from software contributed to Berkeley by\par
 * Henry Spencer.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
 *    without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 * SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (c) 1998 Todd C. Miller <Todd.Miller@courtesan.com>\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
 *\par
 * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES\par
 * WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR\par
 * ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES\par
 * WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN\par
 * ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF\par
 * OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
 \par
\par
 * Copyright (c) 2009 Howard Hinnant\par
 *\par
 * Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
 * of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
 * in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
 * to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
 * copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
 * furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
 *\par
 * The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
 * all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
 *\par
 * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
 * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
 * AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
 * LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
 * OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN\par
 * THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
\par
 * Copyright (c) 2008 Eli Friedman\par
 *\par
 * Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
 * of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
 * in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
 * to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
 * copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
 * furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
 *\par
 * The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
 * all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
 *\par
 * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
 * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
 * AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
 * LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
 * OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN\par
 * THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Llvm-gcc\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
logback and SL4FJ API\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
Logback LICENSE\par
---------------\par
\par
Logback: the reliable, generic, fast and flexible logging library for\par
Java.\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2000-2008, QOS.ch\par
\par
Source code and binaries for logback, including logback-core,\par
logback-classic and logback-access modules, are distributed under the\par
GNU Lesser General Public License Version 2.1, as published by the\par
Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as\par
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the\par
License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
\par
===========================================\par
\par
Please note that logback is intended to be used behind the SLF4J\par
API, which is licensed under http://www.slf4j.org/license.html an X11 type license.\par
\par
If you wish to make a significant contribution to the logback\par
project, we invite you to file a Contributor License Agreement. \par
The purpose of this agreement is to formalize the terms\par
of your contribution and to protect the project in case of litigation.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Lpsolve\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
*************************************************\par
\par
Harwell-Boeing File I/O in C\par
V. 1.0\par
\par
National Institute of Standards and Technology, MD.\par
K.A. Remington\par
\par
NOTICE\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both the copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.\par
\par
Neither the Author nor the Institution (National Institute of Standards and Technology) make any representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose. This software is provided "as is" without expressed or implied warranty.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
LLVM 3.1\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (c) 2003-2012 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Developed by:\par
\par
    LLVM Team\par
    University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign\par
    http://llvm.org\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of\par
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with\par
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to\par
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies\par
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do\par
so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.\par
\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the\par
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
    * Neither the names of the LLVM Team, University of Illinois at\par
      Urbana-Champaign, nor the names of its contributors may be used to\par
      endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific\par
      prior written permission.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS\par
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Chris Lattner\par
\par
You are free:\par
to Share : to copy, distribute and transmit the work\par
to Remix : to adapt the work to make commercial use of the work\par
Under the following conditions:\par
Attribution : You must attribute the work in the manner specified by the author or licensor\par
(but not in any way that suggests that they endorse you or your use of the work).\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 Howard Hinnant\par
Copyright (c) 2008 Eli Friedman\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN\par
THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
 \par
This code is derived from OpenBSD's libc/regex, original license follows:\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1992-1994 Henry Spencer.\par
Copyright (c) 1992-1994 The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
This code is derived from software contributed to Berkeley by\par
Henry Spencer.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright 2001-2004 Unicode, Inc.\par
\par
Disclaimer\par
\par
This source code is provided as is by Unicode, Inc. No claims are\par
made as to fitness for any particular purpose. No warranties of any\par
kind are expressed or implied. The recipient agrees to determine\par
applicability of information provided. If this file has been\par
purchased on magnetic or optical media from Unicode, Inc., the\par
sole remedy for any claim will be exchange of defective media\par
within 90 days of receipt.\par
\par
Limitations on Rights to Redistribute This Code\par
\par
Unicode, Inc. hereby grants the right to freely use the information\par
supplied in this file in the creation of products supporting the\par
Unicode Standard, and to make copies of this file in any form\par
for internal or external distribution as long as this notice\par
remains attached.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
This code is derived from OpenBSD's libc, original license follows:\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998 Todd C. Miller <Todd.Miller@courtesan.com>\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES\par
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR\par
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES\par
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN\par
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF\par
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
 \par
-----------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1992-2006 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This configure script is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
gives unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify it.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Matlab Compiler Runtime (MCR)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
MATLAB(R). (c) 1984 - 2008 The MathWorks, Inc.\par
\par
The limit rights of Xilinx to the deployment are governed by a certain license agreement between Xilinx and MathWorks.  The text below is the license agreement file that is included by MathWorks with the MCR Libraries ("MCR Library License").\par
\par
_________________________________________________________________\par
\par
The MathWorks, Inc.\par
Software License Agreement \par
\par
\par
IMPORTANT NOTICE\par
\par
\par
READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF YOUR LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY\par
BEFORE COPYING, INSTALLING, OR USING THE PROGRAMS OR DOCUMENTATION.\par
\par
THE LICENSE AGREEMENT TOGETHER WITH ANY APPLICABLE ADDENDUM \par
REPRESENTS THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU (THE "LICENSEE") AND THE\par
MATHWORKS, INC. ("MATHWORKS") CONCERNING THE PROGRAM(S) AND \par
DOCUMENTATION.\par
\par
BY COPYING, INSTALLING, OR USING THE PROGRAMS AND DOCUMENTATION, YOU\par
ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  IF YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO DO SO, DO\par
NOT COPY, INSTALL, OR USE THE PROGRAMS AND DOCUMENTATION. \par
\par
\par
_________________________________________________________________\par
\par
The MathWorks, Inc. Software License Agreement\par
\par
Installation and Use Addendum (if applicable)\par
\par
Academic Installation and Use Addendum (if applicable)\par
\par
Student Version Installation and Use Addendum (if applicable)\par
\par
Deployment Addendum \par
\par
\par
\par
The MathWorks, Inc. Software License Agreement\par
\par
\par
1. DEFINITIONS. \par
\par
  1.1. "Licensee" means you, whether an individual or an entity, to whom \par
       MathWorks grants the License, and who is responsible for complying \par
       with the contractual obligations of the License, and ensuring that\par
       anyone permitted access to the Programs also complies with such \par
       obligations.\par
\par
  1.2. "Affiliate" means a legal entity which is controlled by, or controls,\par
       or is under common control with Licensee.  Control means (i) \par
       beneficial ownership of at least fifty percent (50%) of the voting \par
       securities of a corporation or other business organization with \par
       voting securities, or (ii) a fifty percent (50%) or greater interest\par
       in the profits and capital of a partnership or other business \par
       organization without voting securities.\par
\par
  1.3. "Computer" means a single physical hardware system containing a\par
       maximum of four (4) Processors.  Each hardware partition, or blade\par
       in a blade server, is considered to be a separate Computer, and a\par
       hardware system with more than four (4) Processors is considered to\par
       be more than one Computer.\par
\par
  1.4. "Documentation" means the user guides, if any, accompanying delivery\par
       of a Program, as may be updated from time to time.  Documentation\par
       may be delivered in any medium or language.\par
\par
  1.5. "Internal Operations" means the use of a Program by employees,\par
       consultants, student interns, and software administration\par
       contractors of Licensee or an Affiliate on behalf of the Licensee or\par
       Affiliate.  \par
\par
  1.6. "Licensed User" means an individual authorized by the Licensee to\par
       use the Programs for Licensee's Internal Operations, to the extent\par
       permitted by the License Option acquired.\par
\par
  1.7. "License Option" means the specific rights, restrictions, and\par
       obligations under which Licensee may install and use a Program\par
       pursuant to this Agreement, including those related to the permitted\par
       Activation Type associated with the License Option acquired, as\par
       described in the applicable Installation and Use Addendum, and\par
       including restrictions associated with the License being an "Annual\par
       License," "Term License," "Perpetual License," or "Student License"\par
       as described under Article 9.\par
\par
  1.8. "Licensor" means the person who, or entity which, grants a license\par
       to MathWorks to redistribute that person's or entity's intellectual\par
       property.\par
\par
  1.9. "PolySpace(TM) Products" means PolySpace(TM) Client(TM) for C/C++,\par
       PolySpace(TM) Client(TM) for Ada, PolySpace(TM) Server(TM) for\par
       C/C++, PolySpace(TM) Server(TM) for Ada, PolySpace(TM) Model\par
       Link(TM) SL, PolySpace(TM) Model Link(TM) TL, and PolySpace(TM)\par
       UML(TM) Link RH. \par
\par
  1.10. "Processor" means a single integrated circuit on the motherboard of\par
        a Computer that contains one or more cores which are used for\par
        interpreting software instructions and processing data contained in\par
        software programs. \par
\par
  1.11. "Program" means the software licensed hereunder, including\par
        Documentation, enhancements and error corrections.  Each product\par
        licensed hereunder is a separate Program.  "Ineligible Program" is\par
        any Program that Licensee may not deploy, compile, distribute, call\par
        from a web application, or use with the MATLAB(R) Distributed\par
        Computing Server(TM), as the case may be.  A current list of each\par
        Ineligible Program is available at\par
        www.mathworks.com/ineligible_programs.  \par
 \par
  1.12. "Third Party" means any person or legal entity that is not\par
        MathWorks, the Licensee, or an Affiliate. \par
\par
2. ACCEPTANCE AND REFUNDS.  If Licensee does not accept the terms and\par
   conditions of this License and any applicable Addendum, or if Licensee\par
   terminates this License, for any reason, within thirty (30) days of\par
   Program delivery (the "Acceptance Period"), then Licensee shall\par
   immediately return the Programs licensed hereunder to MathWorks or the\par
   authorized distributor from whom Licensee acquired the Programs and, if\par
   returned within the Acceptance Period, shall receive a full refund.  By\par
   retaining a Program throughout the Acceptance Period, Licensee accepts\par
   the applicable rights, and agrees to be bound by the applicable\par
   obligations and restrictions, of this Agreement including the License\par
   Option acquired with respect to that Program.\par
\par
3. LICENSE GRANT.  MathWorks hereby grants to Licensee, subject to the\par
   terms of this Agreement, a nonexclusive license (the "License") to:\par
\par
  3.1. install and use the Programs solely on Computers  controlled by\par
       Licensee, in accordance with the License Option acquired and\par
       associated permitted Activation Type provisions contained in the\par
       relevant Installation and Use Addendum, and solely for Internal\par
       Operations; \par
\par
  3.2. provide access to online Documentation on Licensee's intranet,\par
       provided it is not accessible over the open Internet; \par
\par
  3.3. print portions of the online Documentation for reasonable use by\par
       Licensed Users; and \par
\par
  3.4. use the Programs as expressly set forth in the Deployment Addendum.\par
\par
4. LICENSE RESTRICTIONS.  The License is subject to the express\par
   restrictions set forth below. Licensee shall not, and shall not permit\par
   any Third Party to:\par
\par
  4.1. modify, or create any derivative work of, a Program or any part of\par
       the licensed Programs, except as expressly permitted in Article 7\par
       and the Deployment Addendum.  Notwithstanding anything to the\par
       contrary contained herein, any such permitted modifications must be\par
       consistent with all other terms of this Agreement;  \par
\par
  4.2. adapt, translate, copy, or convert all or any part of a Program in\par
       order to create software, a principal purpose of which is to perform\par
       the same or similar functions as Programs licensed by MathWorks or\par
       to replace any component of the Programs; \par
\par
  4.3. rent, lease, or loan the Programs; use the Programs for supporting\par
       Third Parties' use of the Programs, time share the Programs, or\par
       provide service bureau or similar service use; \par
\par
  4.4. disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer the Programs or otherwise\par
       attempt to gain access to its method of operation or source code\par
       (other than files provided for convenience in source code form by\par
       MathWorks); \par
\par
  4.5. sell, license, sublicense, publish, display, distribute,\par
       disseminate, assign, or otherwise transfer (whether by sale,\par
       exchange, lease, gift, or otherwise) to a Third Party the Programs,\par
       any copy or portion thereof, or any License or other rights thereto,\par
       in whole or in part, without MathWorks' prior written consent,\par
       except as expressly permitted in the Deployment Addendum; \par
\par
  4.6. alter, remove, or obscure any copyright, trade secret, patent,\par
       trademark, logo, proprietary and/or other legal notices on or in\par
       copies of the Programs;\par
\par
  4.7. use MathWorks' name, trade names, logos, or other trademarks of\par
       MathWorks or any of its Affiliates or Licensors in any advertising,\par
       promotional literature or any other material, whether in written,\par
       electronic, or other form, distributed to any Third Party, except in\par
       the form provided by MathWorks, and then solely for purposes of\par
       identifying MathWorks' Programs;\par
\par
  4.8. provide access (directly or indirectly) to the Programs via a web or\par
       network Application, except as permitted in Article 8 of the\par
       Deployment Addendum;  \par
\par
  4.9. copy, make available for copy, or otherwise reproduce the Programs,\par
       in whole or in part, except either (a) as may be required for their\par
       installation into Computer memory for the purpose of executing the\par
       Program in accordance with the License Option and associated\par
       permitted Activation Type, (b) as expressly permitted in the\par
       Deployment Addendum, or (c) to make a reasonable number of copies\par
       solely for back-up purposes provided that any such permitted copies\par
       shall reproduce all copyright, trade secret, patent, logo,\par
       proprietary and/or other legal notices contained in the original\par
       copy obtained from MathWorks; \par
\par
  4.10. access or use Programs that Licensee is not currently licensed to\par
        access or to use; \par
\par
  4.11. disclose the personal license password and/or license file to a\par
        Third Party or allow them to be used except for installation and use\par
        of the Programs as provided herein;\par
\par
  4.12. republish the Documentation, except as expressly permitted in\par
        Article 3; and/or\par
\par
  4.13. create a server, for code generation, compilation, or other\par
        Programs.\par
\par
5. ADDITIONAL FEES.  The fees for the License granted herein are determined\par
   based upon Licensee's installation and use of the Programs in the\par
   country in which the original delivery of the Programs occurs.\par
   MathWorks may charge Licensee an additional fee for any subsequent\par
   installation and use of the Programs licensed hereunder in any other\par
   country.\par
\par
6. RETENTION OF RIGHT, TITLE AND INTEREST BY MATHWORKS AND ITS LICENSORS.\par
   The Programs shall at all times remain the property of MathWorks and/or\par
   MathWorks' Licensors and Licensee shall have no right, title, or\par
   interest therein, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.\par
   Licensee shall take appropriate action by instruction, agreement, or\par
   otherwise with any persons permitted access to the Programs, so as to\par
   enable Licensee to satisfy its obligations under the terms of this\par
   Agreement.\par
\par
7. LICENSES FOR THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE AND PRODUCTS.  MathWorks has been\par
   granted licenses to distribute certain Third Party software either as\par
   part of a Program or, in the case of the PolySpace(TM) Products, as\par
   separate products licensed under a separate license agreement.  These\par
   licenses require MathWorks to distribute the software, or the PolySpace\par
   Products, as the case may be, to Licensee subject to specific terms and\par
   conditions, which may be different from or additional to those contained\par
   herein.  Should such Third Party software be provided under the Lesser\par
   General Public License, Licensee may make modifications of the work\par
   identified in Section 6 of the Lesser General Public License for\par
   Licensee's own use and reverse engineering for debugging such\par
   modifications.  Licensee agrees that acceptance of this Agreement also\par
   confirms Licensee's acceptance of any applicable Third Party software\par
   licenses.  Such Third Party licenses may be viewed at\par
   www.mathworks.com/thirdpartylicense.  Licensee may also contact\par
   MathWorks to obtain the current applicable provisions.  \par
\par
8. SOFTWARE MAINTENANCE SERVICE. During any paid Software Maintenance\par
   Service term, if applicable, MathWorks shall provide Software\par
   Maintenance Service for the licensed Programs which consists of:\par
   delivering subsequent releases of the Programs, if any, that are not\par
   charged for separately; exerting reasonable efforts to both (a) provide,\par
   within a reasonable time, workarounds for any material programming\par
   errors in the current release of the Programs that are directly\par
   attributable to MathWorks, and (b) correct such errors in the next\par
   available release, provided Licensee provides MathWorks with sufficient\par
   information to identify the errors.  During this same paid Software\par
   Maintenance Service term, Licensee shall also be entitled to receive\par
   technical support for the current release.  Technical support means\par
   assistance by telephone and electronic mail with the installation and/or\par
   use of the then-current release of the licensed Programs, including all\par
   available bug fixes and patches, and their interaction with supported\par
   hardware and operating systems ("Platforms").  MathWorks reserves the\par
   option to discontinue, in whole or in part, and at any time, offering\par
   Software Maintenance Service and/or technical support for any Program or\par
   Platform.\par
\par
9. LICENSE DURATION ("TERM").  This Agreement shall continue until the\par
   earlier of (a) termination by MathWorks or Licensee as provided below,\par
   or (b) such time as there are no Programs being licensed to Licensee\par
   hereunder.  \par
\par
  9.1. For Annual Licenses:  Licensee understands and agrees that each\par
       Annual License will expire automatically immediately after its\par
       corresponding one (1) year period, unless Licensee renews its\par
       License by remitting the then-current annual License fee.  Licensee\par
       understands that the Programs will stop operating unless Licensee\par
       pays the License fee and is provided new annual passcodes.\par
       Licensee understands and agrees that the Software Maintenance\par
       Service for each Annual License will terminate automatically upon\par
       expiration of the Annual License Term. \par
\par
  9.2. For Term Licenses:  Licensee understands and agrees that each Term\par
       License will expire automatically immediately after the\par
       corresponding period of the term licensed, unless Licensee renews\par
       its License by remitting the then-current term License Fee.\par
       Licensee understands that the Programs will stop operating unless\par
       Licensee pays the license fee and is provided new term passcodes.\par
       Licensee understands and agrees that the Software Maintenance\par
       Service for each Term License will terminate automatically upon\par
       expiration of the License Term. \par
\par
  9.3. For Perpetual Licenses:  Licensee shall have the right to use the\par
       Programs indefinitely, subject to the termination provisions in this\par
       Agreement.  Licensee understands and agrees that the Software\par
       Maintenance Service for each Perpetual License will terminate\par
       automatically upon expiration of the initial Software Maintenance\par
       Service term included with the acquisition of the License.\par
       Thereafter, the Software Maintenance Service term may be renewed for\par
       any Program, at the then-current price, and for the then-applicable\par
       term, as long as MathWorks offers such Software Maintenance Service\par
       for such Program.\par
\par
  9.4. For Student Licenses:  See the Student Version Installation and Use\par
       Addendum for the License Term. \par
\par
10. TERMINATION.  MathWorks may terminate this Agreement and all Licenses\par
    granted hereunder by written notice to Licensee if Licensee breaches\par
    any material term of this License, including failure to pay any License\par
    fees due, and Licensee has not cured such breach within sixty (60) days\par
    of written notification.  MathWorks may immediately terminate upon\par
    notice this Agreement and all Licenses granted hereunder should\par
    Licensee breach the terms and conditions of Articles 3, 4, and/or 11.\par
    Licensee may terminate this License at any time, for any reason.\par
    Licensee shall not be entitled to any refund if this License is\par
    terminated, except for License fees paid for any Programs for which the\par
    Acceptance Period has not expired at the time of termination.  Upon\par
    termination, Licensee shall promptly return all but archival copies of\par
    the Programs in Licensee's possession or control, or promptly provide\par
    written certification of their destruction.\par
\par
11. EXPORT CONTROL.  The Programs may be subject to U.S. export control\par
    laws or other (U.S. and non-U.S.) governmental export and import laws\par
    and regulations.  Notwithstanding any other term of this Agreement or\par
    Third Party agreement, Licensee's rights under this Agreement may not\par
    be exercised by Licensee or any Third Party in violation of such laws\par
    and regulations, nor may this Agreement be transferred to any party\par
    where doing so would result in such a violation.  The terms of any\par
    limitation on the use, transfer or re-export of the Programs imposed by\par
    MathWorks in any Destination Control Statement or other document for\par
    the purpose of export control shall prevail over any term in this\par
    Agreement.  It shall be Licensee's responsibility to comply with the\par
    latest United States or other governmental export and import\par
    regulations.\par
\par
12. FEDERAL ACQUISITION.  This provision applies to all acquisitions of the\par
    Programs and Documentation by, for, or through the federal government\par
    of the United States.  By accepting delivery of the Programs or\par
    Documentation, the government hereby agrees that this software or\par
    documentation qualifies as commercial computer software or commercial\par
    computer software documentation as such terms are used or defined in\par
    FAR 12.212, DFARS Part 227.72, and DFARS 252.227-7014.  Accordingly,\par
    the terms and conditions of this Agreement and only those rights\par
    specified in this Agreement, shall pertain to and govern the use,\par
    modification, reproduction, release, performance, display, and\par
    disclosure of the Programs and Documentation by the federal government\par
    (or other entity acquiring for or through the federal government) and\par
    shall supersede any conflicting contractual terms or conditions.  If\par
    this License fails to meet the government's needs or is inconsistent in\par
    any respect with federal procurement law, the government agrees to\par
    return the Programs and Documentation, unused, to MathWorks. \par
\par
13. FOR EUROPEAN UNION LICENSEES ONLY.  Any contractual provisions of this\par
    Agreement contrary to laws implemented under Article 6 of Appendix V of\par
    the European Union Software Directive or to the exceptions provided for\par
    in Article 5(2) and (3) of such Appendix shall be null and void solely\par
    to the extent decompiling, disassembling, or otherwise\par
    reverse-engineering of the Programs is necessary to enable the Licensee\par
    to create an independent program that is interoperable with the\par
    Programs or any other permitted objectives specified by such laws\par
    implemented under such directive (collectively, the "Permitted\par
    Objectives"), provided that any such information gained is used solely\par
    for such Permitted Objectives. \par
\par
14. TAXES, DUTIES, CUSTOMS.  Absent appropriate exemption certificates or\par
    other conclusive proof of tax exempt status, Licensee shall pay all\par
    applicable sales, use, excise, value-added, and other taxes, duties,\par
    levies, assessments, and governmental charges payable in connection\par
    with this Agreement or the Licenses granted hereunder, excluding taxes\par
    based on or measured by MathWorks' income, for which MathWorks shall be\par
    solely responsible. \par
\par
15. ASSIGNMENT.  Licensee may not assign or otherwise transfer this\par
    Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder, in whole or in\par
    part, by operation of law or otherwise, without the written consent of\par
    MathWorks.  In the case of any permitted assignment or transfer of or\par
    under this Agreement, this Agreement or the relevant provisions shall\par
    be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the successors,\par
    executors, heirs, representatives, administrators and assigns of the\par
    parties hereto.  MathWorks may charge Licensee an administrative fee\par
    for any permitted assignment.\par
\par
16. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  The Programs should not be relied on as the\par
    sole basis to solve a problem or implement a design whose incorrect\par
    solution or implementation could result in injury to person or\par
    property.  If a Program is employed in such a manner, it is at the\par
    Licensee's own risk and MathWorks and its Licensors explicitly disclaim\par
    all liability for such misuse to the extent allowed by law.  MathWorks'\par
    and MathWorks' Licensors' liability for death or personal injury\par
    resulting from negligence or for any other matter in relation to which\par
    liability by law cannot be excluded or limited shall not be excluded or\par
    limited.  Except as aforesaid, (a) any other liability of MathWorks and\par
    its Licensors (whether in relation to breach of contract, negligence or\par
    otherwise) shall not in total exceed the amount paid to MathWorks under\par
    this Agreement in the twelve month period preceding the claim in\par
    question, for the Program with respect to which the liability in\par
    question arises; and (b) MathWorks and its Licensors shall have no\par
    liability for any indirect or consequential loss (whether foreseeable\par
    or otherwise and including loss of profits, loss of business, loss of\par
    opportunity, and loss of use of any computer hardware or software).\par
    Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or\par
    consequential damages, so the above exclusion or limitation may not\par
    apply to Licensee. \par
\par
17. LIMITED WARRANTY/LIMITATION OF REMEDIES.  MathWorks warrants that\par
    MathWorks, on its own behalf or through its Licensors, has the right to\par
    grant the License rights hereunder.  MathWorks warrants that the\par
    physical media provided shall be free from defects in material and\par
    workmanship for a period of ninety (90) days from delivery, or it will\par
    be replaced by MathWorks at no cost to Licensee.  MathWorks further\par
    warrants, for a period of one (1) year from delivery or for the term of\par
    the License, whichever is less, that each copy of each Program will\par
    conform in all material respects to the description of such Program's\par
    operation in the Documentation.  In the event that a Program does not\par
    operate as warranted, Licensee's exclusive remedy and MathWorks' sole\par
    liability under this warranty shall be the correction or workaround by\par
    MathWorks of major defects within a reasonable time.  Should such\par
    correction or workaround be impractical, MathWorks may, at its option,\par
    terminate the relevant License and refund the initial License fee paid\par
    to MathWorks for such Program.  All requests for warranty assistance\par
    should be directed to The MathWorks, Inc., 3 Apple Hill Drive, Natick,\par
    MA 01760-2098, U.S.A.\par
\par
18. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.  Except for warranties expressly set forth in\par
    Article 17 of this Agreement (or as implied by law where the law\par
    provides that the particular terms implied cannot be excluded by\par
    contract), any and all Programs, Documentation, and Software\par
    Maintenance Services are delivered "as is" and MathWorks makes and the\par
    Licensee receives no additional express or implied warranties.\par
    MathWorks and its Licensors hereby expressly disclaim any and all other\par
    conditions, warranties, or other terms of any kind or nature concerning\par
    the Programs, Documentation, and Software Maintenance Services\par
    (including, without limitation, any with regard to infringement,\par
    merchantability, quality, accuracy, or fitness for a particular purpose\par
    or Licensee's purpose).  MathWorks also expressly disclaims any\par
    warranties that may be implied from usage of trade, course of dealing,\par
    or course of performance.  Except for the express warranties stated in\par
    Article 17 of this Agreement, the Programs, Documentation, and Software\par
    Maintenance Services are provided with all faults, and the entire risk\par
    of satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy, and effort is with\par
    Licensee.  MathWorks does not warrant that the Programs and\par
    Documentation will operate without interruption or be error free.  Some\par
    states and countries do not allow limitations on how long an implied\par
    warranty lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to Licensee.  The\par
    warranty in Article 17 gives Licensee specific legal rights and\par
    Licensee may also have other rights which vary from state to state and\par
    country to country.  Licensee accepts responsibility for its use of the\par
    Programs and the results obtained therefrom.\par
\par
19. GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION.  This Agreement shall be interpreted,\par
    enforced and construed and the rights of the parties hereunder governed\par
    in all respects by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,\par
    United States of America, without regard to its conflicts of law\par
    provisions, and both parties consent to the jurisdiction of the federal\par
    and state courts located in said Commonwealth and consent to the\par
    service of process, pleadings and notices in connection with any and\par
    all actions initiated in such courts.  The parties agree that a final\par
    judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and\par
    binding and may be enforced in any other jurisdiction.  To the extent\par
    any governing law, treaty, or regulation is in conflict with this\par
    Agreement, the conflicting terms of this Agreement shall be superseded\par
    only to the extent necessary by such law, treaty, or regulation.  If\par
    any provision of this Agreement shall be otherwise unlawful, void, or\par
    otherwise unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the\par
    maximum extent permissible.  In either case, the remainder of this\par
    Agreement shall not be affected.  The parties agree that the U.N.\par
    Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not\par
    apply to this Agreement.  The parties further agree that the Uniform\par
    Computer Information Transactions Act, or any version thereof, adopted\par
    by any state, in any form ("UCITA"), shall not apply to this Agreement.\par
    To the extent that UCITA is applicable, the parties agree to opt out of\par
    the applicability of UCITA pursuant to the Opt-Out provision(s)\par
    contained therein. \par
\par
20. COMPLIANCE AND AUDIT RIGHTS.  Licensee agrees to notify MathWorks\par
    promptly upon discovery of any failure to comply with one or more\par
    Licenses granted under this Agreement, or any failure to comply with\par
    any other material term of this Agreement.  To confirm Licensee's\par
    compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensee\par
    agrees to allow MathWorks to audit Licensee's use of the Programs, and\par
    to provide MathWorks access to Licensee's facilities and Computers, and\par
    cooperation from Licensee's employees and consultants, as reasonably\par
    requested by MathWorks in order to perform such audit, all during\par
    normal business hours, and after reasonable prior notice from\par
    MathWorks.  If an audit discloses that Licensee has failed to comply\par
    with one or more Licenses, and such failure to comply could have in\par
    part or in whole been avoided by Licensee having paid additional\par
    License fees to expand the scope of the License or Licenses, then\par
    Licensee shall promptly pay MathWorks such Licensing fees (at\par
    MathWorks' then current rates) and, if such unpaid License fees exceed\par
    5% of the License fees paid to MathWorks for the applicable Programs\par
    during the applicable period during which such underpayment occurred,\par
    then Licensee shall, in addition to paying the unpaid License fees,\par
    also reimburse MathWorks the full cost of such audit.\par
\par
21. LICENSE MANAGEMENT.  The Programs contain technology for the prevention\par
    of unlicensed use.  The Programs require activation to exercise your\par
    rights under this Agreement.  You may also need to activate if you\par
    redesignate the Programs on your License or modify your computer\par
    hardware.\par
\par
    Activation associates the use of the Programs with a specific Computer, and\par
    in some cases the Licensed User.  During activation, data about the\par
    Programs and the Computer will be transmitted to MathWorks.  This data\par
    includes the License information, Computer identification, and location.\par
    Some License Options may require the MathWorks Account information and the\par
    operating system user name for the Licensed User.  A License file will be\par
    provided to complete activation.  \par
\par
22. HEADINGS.  The inclusion of headings is for convenience of reference\par
    only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this\par
    Agreement.\par
\par
23. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement, and any applicable Addendum thereto\par
    including any documents referenced therein are incorporated herein by\par
    reference, and contain the entire understanding of the parties and may\par
    not be modified or amended except by written instrument, executed by\par
    authorized representatives of MathWorks and Licensee.  In the event of\par
    any conflict between this Agreement and any purchase order executed by\par
    Licensee (whether executed before or after this Agreement), this\par
    Agreement shall prevail.\par
 \par
\par
The MathWorks, Inc. Software License Agreement - Installation and Use Addendum\par
\par
This is an Addendum to The MathWorks, Inc. Software License Agreement (the\par
"Agreement"), and the terms and conditions of this Addendum are\par
incorporated therein.  Each capitalized term used herein and not defined\par
herein shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Agreement. \par
\par
1. SCOPE.  The Installation and Use provisions of this Addendum apply to\par
   each Program licensed under the Agreement.  The applicable provisions\par
   are determined by the particular License Option that Licensee acquired,\par
   including those related to the permitted Activation Type associated with\par
   the License Option acquired.  \par
\par
2. DEFINITIONS.\par
\par
  2.1. Activation Type.   One of the Standalone Named User, Designated\par
       Computer, Network Named User, or Network Concurrent User Activation\par
       Types available with respect to the License Option acquired.\par
\par
  2.2. License Manager.  The Macrovision FLEXnet(R) license management\par
       software provided with the Program(s).    \par
\par
  2.3. Licensed User.  An individual authorized by the Licensee to use the\par
       Programs for Licensee's Internal Operations, to the extent permitted\par
       by the License Option acquired. \par
\par
  2.4. License Option.  The specific rights, restrictions, and obligations\par
       under which Licensee may install and use a Program pursuant to the\par
       Agreement, including those related to the permitted Activation Type\par
       associated with the License Option acquired.\par
\par
  2.5. Named User.  A Licensed User designated and identified by Licensee\par
       as the "Named User" for a License to a Program under either the\par
       "Standalone Named User" or "Network Named User" Activation Type.\par
\par
3. INSTALLATION AND USE.  Specific rights, obligations, and restrictions\par
   apply to each License Option.  Licensee's right to install and use the\par
   Programs is determined by the License Option acquired, including the\par
   permitted Activation Type with respect to such License Option.  By\par
   accepting the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Licensee also\par
   accepts the License Option acquired.    \par
\par
  3.1. License Options. \par
\par
    3.1.1. Individual.  Except as specifically set forth in Section 3.3\par
           hereof, the Individual License Option permits one Activation\par
           Type, either the Standalone Named User Activation Type or the\par
           Designated Computer Activation Type.  \par
\par
    3.1.2. Network Named User.  Except as specifically set forth in Section\par
           3.3 hereof, the Network Named User License Option permits only\par
           the Network Named User Activation Type.  \par
\par
    3.1.3. Concurrent.  Except as specifically set forth in Section 3.3\par
           hereof, the Concurrent License Option permits only the Network\par
           Concurrent User Activation Type.\par
\par
  3.2. Activation Types.\par
\par
    3.2.1. Standalone Named User.  Program use is restricted to the single,\par
           designated Named User.  Programs may be installed and operated\par
           on one or more individual Computers, provided the Programs are\par
           only accessible to, and operated by, the Named User for that\par
           License.  The physical locations of the Computers used by the\par
           Named User to run the Programs are not limited; the Computers\par
           may be located at work, home, in a laboratory, or on a laptop.\par
           Licensee may only designate one Licensed User access to or use\par
           of the Programs under each Named User License.  Licensee may\par
           redesignate the Named User for a Program, whether temporarily or\par
           not, no more than four (4) times per year.  A Named User may not\par
           use a Program on more than two (2) Computers simultaneously.  In\par
           the case of Standalone Named User Licenses licensed as part of a\par
           group, Licensee shall be responsible for, and shall assign a\par
           central administrator the task of, administering the Licenses\par
           and installing the Programs, including new versions of the\par
           Programs delivered during any paid Software Maintenance Service\par
           term.     \par
 \par
    3.2.2. Designated Computer. The Programs may only be installed and\par
           operated on a single, designated Computer, provided the Computer\par
           is not a network server and the Programs are only operated from\par
           that Computer's console by only one Licensed User at any given\par
           time.  Licensee may redesignate the Computer for a Program to a\par
           different Computer, whether temporarily or not, no more than\par
           four (4) times per year.  In the case of Designated Computer\par
           Licenses licensed as part of a group, Licensee shall be\par
           responsible for, and shall assign a central administrator the\par
           task of, administering the Licenses and installing the Programs,\par
           including new versions of the Programs delivered during any paid\par
           Software Maintenance Service term.     \par
\par
    3.2.3. Network Named User.  Programs may only be installed in a\par
           central location on a single designated network server.\par
           Licensee must run the License Manager in its User-Based mode,\par
           and edit the Local License Options file to maintain a list of\par
           Named Users authorized to access and operate each Program.\par
           Licensee may re-edit the list of Named Users in the Local\par
           License Options file and may redesignate Named Users for a\par
           Program, whether temporarily or not, no more than four (4) times\par
           per year, provided the number of Named Users in the file never\par
           exceeds the number licensed per Program.  Portions of the\par
           Programs may be installed on individual Computers to accelerate\par
           startup times, as long as the installations on the individual\par
           Computers are controlled by the License Manager on the network\par
           server.  A Named User may not use a Program on more than two (2)\par
           Computers simultaneously.\par
\par
    3.2.4. Network Concurrent User.  The Programs may only be\par
           installed in a central location on a single designated network\par
           server. Licensee must run the License Manager in its Concurrent\par
           mode and may have only as many Licensed Users simultaneously\par
           operating a Program at any given time as the number of\par
           Concurrent keys acquired for that Program.  Subject to the\par
           foregoing, a Licensed User of the Concurrent License Option may\par
           utilize any number of Computers served by a single License\par
           Manager provided that, before using a Program on any Computer,\par
           the Licensed User checks out a separate Concurrent key from the\par
           License Manager for that Computer.  Portions of the Programs may\par
           be installed on individual Computers to accelerate startup\par
           times, as long as the installations on the individual Computers\par
           are controlled by the License Manager on the network server.\par
           Licensees of the Concurrent License Option are prohibited from\par
           providing Program access to users located outside the country in\par
           which the License Manager server is installed unless Licensee\par
           has contracted for global use.  For the purposes of the\par
           Concurrent License Option, all servers located in a member\par
           country of the North American Free Trade Agreement ("NAFTA")\par
           shall be considered located in the same country as those of the\par
           other NAFTA members, and all servers located in Iceland, Norway,\par
           Switzerland, or any member country of the European Union ("EU")\par
           shall be considered located in the same country.  \par
\par
  3.3. MATLAB(R) Distributed Computing Server(TM).  Licensees of the\par
       MATLAB(R) Distributed Computing Server(TM) Program ("MDCS") are\par
       permitted to install and make available Programs, other than any\par
       Ineligible Program, on one or more  Computers ("Computer Cluster")\par
       solely for use  through the MDCS, provided that (1) the Programs on\par
       the Computer Cluster are controlled by a single License Manager for\par
       each MDCS, (2) the number of simultaneous Program sessions  does not\par
       exceed the number of MDCS workers acquired, (3) access to any\par
       Program, whether in the MDCS or otherwise, remains limited to those\par
       persons who are Licensed Users of such Programs, and the Parallel\par
       Computing Toolbox; and 4) access to any Program, including the MDCS,\par
       is not made available (i) to any Third Party without the advance\par
       written consent of MathWorks, or (ii) to any user outside the\par
       country in which the MDCS' License Manager server is installed,\par
       unless the Licensee acquires a separate license from MathWorks.  For\par
       the purposes of this Section 3.3, all MDCS License Manager servers\par
       located in a member country of the North American Free Trade\par
       Agreement ("NAFTA") shall be considered located in the same country\par
       as those of the other NAFTA members, and all MDCS License Manager\par
       servers located in Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, or any member\par
       country of the European Union ("EU") shall be considered located in\par
       the same country.  \par
\par
4. REMOTE AND SHARED OPERATION.   \par
\par
   Subject also to the foregoing:\par
\par
  4.1. Remote Access to the Desktop:\par
\par
       Using the Microsoft(R) Remote Desktop connection feature or similar\par
       technologies:\par
\par
    4.1.1. Named Users and Network Named Users may remotely access Programs\par
           for which they are licensed. \par
\par
    4.1.2. Network Concurrent Users may remotely access Programs served by\par
           the License Manager server for the License under which they are\par
           operating.\par
\par
    4.1.3. The Licensee of a Designated Computer Activation Type may\par
           designate one Licensed User to remotely access the Programs\par
           licensed on the Designated Computer for operation on that\par
           Designated Computer.  Licensee may redesignate such Licensed\par
           User, whether temporarily or not, no more than four (4) times\par
           per year.   \par
\par
  4.2. Shared Access to the Desktop: \par
\par
    4.2.1. A Licensed User may use Microsoft(R) Remote Assistance\par
           technology, NetMeeting(R) conferencing software, or similar\par
           technologies to share the desktop view of a Program session\par
           remotely with another individual for assistive purposes only.\par
\par
\par
THE MATHWORKS, INC. SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT - Academic Installation and Use Addendum  \par
\par
This is an Addendum to The MathWorks, Inc. Software License Agreement (the\par
"Agreement"), and the terms and conditions of this Addendum are\par
incorporated therein.  Each capitalized term used herein and not defined\par
herein shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Agreement.\par
\par
1. SCOPE.  The provisions of this Academic Installation and Use Addendum\par
   apply to each Program licensed under the Agreement at prices offered\par
   only to degree-granting educational institutions ("Academic prices") for\par
   Academic Internal Operations only, as defined below.  Research and\par
   development divisions and centers of universities, U.S. government\par
   agencies and other not-for-profit organizations do not qualify for\par
   Academic prices.  This Addendum imposes certain additional obligations\par
   and restrictions with respect to the Programs licensed at such Academic\par
   prices that are not contained in the Agreement.  The applicable\par
   provisions are determined by the particular Academic License Option that\par
   Licensee acquires for each Program, including those related to the\par
   permitted Activation Type associated with the Academic License Option\par
   acquired.  In the event of a conflict between the provisions of this\par
   Addendum and the Agreement, these Addendum provisions shall apply.\par
\par
2. DEFINITIONS.\par
\par
  2.1. Academic Internal Operations.  The installation and use of the\par
       Programs by Licensed Users, in accordance with the Academic License\par
       Option acquired, for the purpose of (i) in the case of employees\par
       (faculty and academic staff), performing software administration,\par
       teaching, and noncommercial, academic research in their ordinary\par
       course as Licensee's employees; and (ii) in the case of enrolled\par
       students, meeting classroom requirements of courses and study\par
       offered by the Licensee.  Any other use is expressly prohibited.\par
\par
  2.2. Activation Type.  One of the Standalone Named User, Designated\par
       Computer, or Network Concurrent User Activation Types available with\par
       respect to the Academic License Option Acquired.\par
\par
  2.3. License Manager.  The Macrovision FLEXnet(R) license management\par
       software provided with the Programs.\par
\par
  2.4. Licensed Users.  All enrolled students and employees (faculty and\par
       academic staff) of the Licensee who are authorized by Licensee to\par
       use the Programs for Academic Internal Operations in accordance with\par
       the Agreement, as revised from time to time, and to the extent\par
       permitted by the Academic License Option acquired.  As used herein,\par
       "employees" excludes subcontractors and consultants of the Licensee. \par
\par
  2.5. Academic License Option.  The specific rights, restrictions, and\par
       obligations under which Licensee may install and use a Program\par
       pursuant to the Agreement, including those related to the permitted\par
       Activation Type associated with the Academic License Option\par
       acquired. \par
\par
  2.6. Named User.  Licensed User designated and identified by Licensee as\par
       the "Named User" for a License to a Program under the "Standalone\par
       Named User" Activation Type. \par
\par
3. INSTALLATION AND USE.  Specific rights, obligations, and restrictions\par
   apply to each Academic License Option.  Licensee's right to install and\par
   use the Programs is determined by the Academic License Option acquired,\par
   including the permitted Activation Type with respect to such Academic\par
   License Option.  By accepting the terms and conditions of the Agreement,\par
   Licensee also accepts the Academic License Option acquired, and agrees\par
   to use the Programs only for Academic Internal Operations. \par
\par
  3.1. Academic License Options.  \par
\par
    3.1.1. Individual.  Except as specifically set forth in Section 3.3\par
           hereof, the Individual License Option permits one Activation\par
           Type, either the Standalone Named User Activation Type or the\par
           Designated Computer Activation Type.  \par
\par
    3.1.2. Concurrent.  Except as specifically set forth in Section 3.3,\par
           the Concurrent License Option permits only the Network\par
           Concurrent User Activation Type.\par
\par
    3.1.3. Classroom.  Except as specifically set forth in Section 3.3, the\par
           Classroom License Option permits one Activation Type, either the\par
           Network Concurrent User Activation Type or the Designated\par
           Computer Activation Type.  Notwithstanding the foregoing\par
           definition of Academic Internal Operations, Programs licensed\par
           under the Classroom License Option are further restricted to use\par
           in connection with on-campus computing facilities that are used\par
           solely in support of classroom instruction of students.\par
           Research use is not permitted.  \par
\par
  3.2. Activation Types.\par
\par
    3.2.1. Standalone Named User.  Program use is restricted to the single,\par
           designated Named User.  The Programs may be installed and\par
           operated on one or more individual Computers, provided the\par
           Programs are only accessible to, and operated by, the Named User\par
           for that License.  The physical locations of the Computers used\par
           by the Named User to run the Programs are not limited; the\par
           Computers may be located at work, home, in a laboratory, or on a\par
           laptop.  Licensee may only designate one Licensed User access to\par
           or use of the Programs under each Named User License.  Licensee\par
           may redesignate the Named User for a Program, whether\par
           temporarily or not, no more than four (4) times per year.  A\par
           Named User may not use a Program on more than two (2) Computers\par
           simultaneously.\par
\par
    3.2.2. Designated Computer.  The Programs may only be installed and\par
           operated on a single, designated Computer, provided the Computer\par
           is not a network server and the Programs are only operated from\par
           that Computer's console by only one Licensed User at any given\par
           time.  Licensee may redesignate the Computer for a Program to a\par
           different Computer, whether temporarily or not, no more than\par
           four (4) times per year.  In the case of Designated Computer\par
           Licenses licensed as part of a group, Licensee shall be\par
           responsible for, and shall assign a central administrator the\par
           task of, administering the Licenses and installing the Programs,\par
           including new versions of the Programs delivered during any paid\par
           Software Maintenance Service term.       \par
\par
    3.2.3. Network Concurrent User.  The Programs may only be installed in\par
           a central location on a single designated network server.\par
           Licensee must run the License Manager in its Concurrent mode and\par
           may have only as many Licensed Users simultaneously operating a\par
           Program at any given time as the number of Concurrent keys\par
           acquired for that Program.  Subject to the foregoing, a Licensed\par
           User of the Concurrent License Option may utilize any number of\par
           Computers served by a single License Manager provided that,\par
           before using a Program on any Computer, the Licensed User checks\par
           out a separate Concurrent key from the License Manager for that\par
           Computer.  Portions of the Programs may be installed on\par
           university-owned or controlled individual Computers to\par
           accelerate startup times, as long as the installations on the\par
           individual Computers are controlled by the License Manager on\par
           the network server.  Licensees of the Concurrent License Option\par
           are prohibited from providing Program access to users located\par
           outside the country in which the License Manager server is\par
           installed. \par
\par
  3.3. MATLAB(R) Distributed Computing Server(TM).  Licensees of the\par
       MATLAB(R) Distributed Computing Server(TM) Program ("MDCS") are\par
       permitted to install and make available Programs, other than any\par
       Ineligible Program, on one or more Computers ("Computer Cluster")\par
       solely for use through the MDCS, provided that (1) the Programs on\par
       the Computer Cluster are controlled by a single License Manager for\par
       each MDCS, (2) the number of simultaneous Program sessions does not\par
       exceed the number of workers acquired, (3) access to any Program,\par
       whether in the MDCS or otherwise, remains limited to those persons\par
       who are Licensed Users of such Programs, and the Parallel Computing\par
       Toolbox; and (4) access to any Program, including the MDCS, is not\par
       made available (i) to any Third Party without the advance written\par
       consent of MathWorks, or (ii) to any user outside the country in\par
       which the MDCS License Manager is installed. \par
\par
4. REMOTE AND SHARED OPERATIONS\par
\par
    Subject also to the foregoing:\par
\par
  4.1. Remote Desktop Access:\par
\par
  Using the Microsoft(R) Remote Desktop connection feature or similar\par
  technologies:\par
 \par
    4.1.1. Named Users may remotely access Programs for which they are\par
           licensed.\par
\par
    4.1.2. Network Concurrent Users may remotely access Concurrent Programs\par
           served by the License Manager server for the License under which\par
           they are operating.\par
\par
    4.1.3. The Licensee of a Designated Computer Activation Type may\par
           designate one Licensed User to remotely access the Programs\par
           licensed on the Designated Computer for operation on that\par
           Designated Computer.  Licensee may redesignate such Licensed\par
           User, whether temporarily or not, no more than four (4) times\par
           per year.\par
\par
  4.2. Shared Access to the Desktop: \par
\par
    4.2.1. A Licensed User may use Microsoft(R) Remote Assistance\par
           technology, NetMeeting(R) conferencing software, or similar\par
           technologies to share the desktop view of a Program session\par
           remotely with another individual for assistive purposes only. \par
\par
\par
THE MATHWORKS, INC. SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT - Student Version\par
Installation and Use Addendum   \par
\par
This is an Addendum to The MathWorks, Inc. Software License Agreement (the\par
"Agreement"), and the terms and conditions of this Addendum are\par
incorporated therein.  Each capitalized term used herein and not defined\par
herein shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Agreement.  \par
\par
1. SCOPE.  The provisions of this Student Installation and Use Addendum\par
   apply to the MATLAB(R) and Simulink(R) Student Version Programs and to\par
   any other Programs licensed under the Agreement at prices offered to\par
   students enrolled in degree-granting educational institutions ("Student\par
   prices").  This Addendum imposes certain additional obligations and\par
   restrictions with respect to the Programs licensed at such Student\par
   prices that are not contained in the Agreement.  In the event of a\par
   conflict between the provisions of this Addendum and the Agreement,\par
   these Addendum provisions shall apply.  The license provided for in this\par
   Addendum is referred to as a "Student License".\par
\par
2. RETURNS AND REFUNDS.  Returns and refunds of Student License purchases\par
   are subject to the refund policies at the time and point of purchase.\par
\par
3. REGISTRATION AND ACTIVATION.  The Programs contain technology for the\par
   prevention of unlicensed or illegal use of the Programs.  Licensee\par
   agrees to the use and application of such technology in the Programs (a)\par
   to limit the installation and use of the Programs by Licensee to a\par
   finite number of Computers, and (b) to require Licensee's registration\par
   of the Student License and activation of the Programs in advance of the\par
   use of the Programs (other than for temporary use) as further described\par
   in this Addendum and in the Documentation for the Programs.\par
\par
4. ELIGIBILITY.  Licensee further agrees to the following eligibility\par
   restrictions of the Student License:  the Licensee must be a student\par
   enrolled in a degree-granting educational institution or participating\par
   in a continuing education program at a degree-granting educational\par
   institution.\par
\par
5. LICENSE TERM.  The Student License may be acquired (as available) in one\par
   of two, separate term lengths, either the Standard Student License Term\par
   (for the standard Student Version License) or the One-Year Student\par
   License Term (for the Student Version One-Year License).  Licensees of\par
   the Standard Student License Term agree that their Student License\par
   expires automatically immediately after the duration of Licensee's\par
   enrollment in a degree-granting institution or participation in a\par
   continuing education program of a degree-granting institution.\par
   Licensees of the One-Year Student License Term agree that their Student\par
   License expires automatically after one year, as measured from the date\par
   the Student License is first activated.\par
\par
6. INSTALLATION AND USE.  The Student License permits the Licensee to use\par
   the Programs at any time during the Term in accordance with the\par
   Agreement on one Computer that Licensee owns or leases provided (i) the\par
   Programs are only accessible to, and operated by, Licensee, and (ii)\par
   Licensee has provided machine-specific identification for such Computer\par
   through the registration and activation process.  Network installation\par
   is prohibited.  \par
\par
7. SOFTWARE MAINTENANCE SERVICE.  Software Maintenance Service is not\par
   available for a Student License.\par
\par
8. ASSIGNMENT.   Student Licenses are nontransferable.\par
\par
9. DISTRIBUTION OF STUDENT VERSION LICENSES BY DEGREE-GRANTING EDUCATIONAL\par
   INSTITUTIONS.  A degree-granting educational institution (the\par
   "Institution") may place orders for Student Licenses and add-on Programs\par
   for its enrolled students only for installation and use in accordance\par
   with this Addendum.  It is expressly understood and agreed the\par
   Institution shall take appropriate action to ensure (i) the Agreement\par
   including this Addendum is delivered to each student Licensee intact\par
   with the distribution of media; (ii) media seal notices provided by\par
   MathWorks regarding the licensing of the Programs are delivered intact\par
   to the student Licensees in receipt of media; and (iii) each student\par
   Licensee is instructed not to copy the Programs or use them for\par
   commercial purposes, and is required by the Institution to de-install\par
   the Programs at the expiration of the Term for such student Licensee. \par
\par
\par
THE MATHWORKS, INC. SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT - Deployment Addendum\par
\par
This is an Addendum to The MathWorks, Inc. Software License Agreement (the\par
"Agreement"), and the terms and conditions of this Addendum are\par
incorporated therein.  Each capitalized term used herein and not defined\par
herein shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Agreement. \par
\par
1. PURPOSE.  The MathWorks, Inc. Software License Agreement (the\par
   "Agreement") contains restrictions prohibiting Licensee from modifying,\par
   distributing, or providing access to the Programs or any Program\par
   Components (as defined below), except as expressly provided in this\par
   Addendum.  If the Programs licensed by Licensee under the Agreement\par
   contain Source Code or Object Code Program Components, then this\par
   Addendum sets forth the Licensee's rights with respect to creating\par
   Applications and Derivative Forms and distributing Applications,\par
   Derivative Forms, and Deployment Programs, as well as certain additional\par
   obligations related thereto.  \par
\par
   MathWorks or its Licensors retain all right, title, and interest in its\par
   Programs, Program Components, and Derivative Forms of its Programs.\par
\par
2. USER CREATED FILES.  This Addendum does not apply to M-files, MDL-files,\par
   MEX-files, MAT-files, VHDL-files, Verilog-files, FIG-files and P-files\par
   that are created by Licensee and that do not include any code obtained\par
   from M-files, MAT-files, P-code, MDL-files, C/C++ files, VHDL-files,\par
   Verilog-files, TLC-files, or other Source Code files supplied with the\par
   Programs ("User Files").  Licensee may distribute, sublicense, and\par
   resell without restriction, User Files.  \par
\par
3. NONCOMPETITION.  Licensee agrees not to use the Programs, Derivative\par
   Forms, Generated Forms, or Program Components to make or distribute its\par
   own or a Third Party's Application, a principal purpose of which, as\par
   reasonably determined by MathWorks, is to perform the same or similar\par
   functions as Programs licensed by MathWorks or which replaces any\par
   component of the Programs.  Licensee shall not otherwise use the\par
   Programs to compete with the products or businesses of MathWorks,\par
   including by distributing Libraries, or any form of an entire Program or\par
   a substantial portion of a Program.  \par
\par
4.   DEFINITIONS.\par
\par
  4.1. Application.  A software file that Licensee has created by either\par
       (a) using a MathWorks Program to compile or translate Licensee\par
       created Source Code or (b) incorporating or linking any part of any\par
       Source Code, library file, or other Program Component provided with\par
       the Program.  An Application must contain original code developed by\par
       Licensee and must provide substantial functionality not contained\par
       in, or provided by, the Program Components that are incorporated\par
       into such Application.  If a software file created by a Licensee\par
       incorporates Program Components, but does not meet the requirements\par
       of the previous sentence, then it is a Derivative Form (as defined\par
       below).  An Application may contain Linked Object Code which, if\par
       such Object Code was not Linked to the Application and was a\par
       standalone file, would otherwise have been deemed a Derivative Form. \par
\par
  4.2. Application License.  A license granted by Licensee to its end-users\par
       for the installation and use of Licensee's Application.\par
\par
  4.3. Generated Forms.  The output of the MATLAB(R) Compiler(TM),\par
       Real-Time Workshop(R), Stateflow(R) Coder(TM), Simulink(R) HDL\par
       Coder(TM), Embedded Coders, and other MathWorks' code generation\par
       Programs in the form of Source Code, as well as such Source Code\par
       converted to Object Code or Linked forms.\par
\par
  4.4. Derivative Forms.  A  software file that Licensee has derived from\par
       one or more Program Components (including without limitation by\par
       incorporating, translating, or modifying, in whole or in part, any\par
       Program Component), and which, if modified or copied without\par
       MathWorks' authorization, would constitute a copyright infringement\par
       or breach of the Agreement.  A software file created by Licensee\par
       which qualifies as an "Application" under the above definition shall\par
       not be deemed a Derivative Form.\par
\par
  4.5. Linked.   An executable or loadable file created by a compiler or\par
       linker program combining Object Code module files.\par
\par
  4.6. MAT-file.  The file format in which MATLAB stores data.\par
\par
  4.7. MCR Libraries.  MATLAB Compiler Runtime support libraries and other\par
       files for deployment of Applications created with the MATLAB\par
       Compiler.\par
\par
  4.8. Object Code.  The code created by a system compiler from source\par
       code; also called "machine-readable code".  Object Code can be\par
       Linked with an appropriate linker to resolve address references and\par
       may be combined with other Object Code for targeted execution on a\par
       specific processor.  Object Code includes "Object Code libraries"\par
       and "shared libraries," which are groupings of Object Code for\par
       specific purposes.\par
\par
  4.9. Program Component.  Any portion of, or file provided with, a\par
       Program.\par
\par
  4.10. Source Code.  Human-readable program code written in a higher-level\par
        language such as C, C++, Java(TM), MATLAB(R), MDL, VHDL(R),\par
        Verilog(R), or Fortran, which must be translated or compiled into\par
        machine-readable language before it can be executed by a Computer.\par
        Source Code also includes header files and other human-readable\par
        files necessary for a Program to be compiled in the higher-level\par
        language.\par
\par
  4.11. Standalone Application.  An Application created using programming\par
        languages and tools other than the Programs, which executes outside\par
        of the Programs.\par
\par
  4.12. Deployment Program.  Any MathWorks Program that either (a)\par
        generates Object Code or Source Code in response to user input, or\par
        (b) contains executable functions or data accessed by an\par
        Application (such as a DLL file).\par
\par
5. DEPLOYMENT PROGRAMS.  Licensed Users of MathWorks' Deployment Programs\par
   may automatically generate code from M-files, Simulink(R)/Stateflow(R)\par
   diagrams, and other representations, into Generated Forms.  Furthermore,\par
   Licensee may copy and deploy these Generated Forms for use outside of\par
   the Programs.\par
\par
   Not all Programs are eligible for deployment within Licensee's\par
   Application.  For a list of Ineligible Programs see\par
   www.mathworks.com/ineligible_programs. \par
\par
  5.1. MATLAB(R) Application Deployment Programs\par
\par
    5.1.1. MATLAB(R) Compiler(TM). Licensee may use and distribute the MCR\par
           Libraries for the sole purpose of running Licensed User's\par
           Application generated by the MATLAB Compiler.  Licensee may\par
           deploy, at no cost, copies of such Applications that incorporate\par
           the MCR Libraries and compiled versions of M-files from the\par
           licensed Programs required for the Application.  No further fees\par
           shall be due to MathWorks for such deployment within such\par
           Applications, regardless of whether the Application is\par
           distributed solely for Licensee's Internal Operations or to\par
           Third Parties. \par
\par
           Licensee may make copies of the MCR Libraries accessible for\par
           deployment on an internal server provided such deployment is\par
           solely to its Licensed Users for use with an Application and for\par
           Licensee's Internal Operations only.  Licensee agrees to employ\par
           the same security measures to protect the MCR Libraries as it\par
           uses to safeguard Licensee's own proprietary intellectual\par
           property, but in no event  less than reasonable care.  No\par
           further fees shall be due to MathWorks for such server\par
           deployment.  \par
\par
           Licensee is prohibited from making copies of the MCR Libraries\par
           accessible to any Third Party separate from a Licensed User's\par
           Application.  \par
\par
      5.1.1.1. Licensed User may include, by compilation for deployment,\par
               only those select M-files from the licensed Programs\par
               required for the Application.  \par
\par
      5.1.1.2. In no event shall Licensee distribute any library header\par
               files.\par
\par
      5.1.1.3. Licensee's Application may not provide functionality or\par
               behavior similar to that of the MATLAB command line.  \par
\par
      5.1.1.4. Licensee's Application may not allow operation of the code\par
               generation capabilities of Programs.\par
\par
      5.1.1.5. Licensee's Application may not provide access to an entire\par
               Program or a substantial portion of a Program. \par
\par
      5.1.1.6. Licensee shall include the notice "MATLAB(R). (c) 1984 -\par
               [INSERT YEAR MATLAB VERSION PUBLISHED] The MathWorks, Inc."\par
               in the deployed Application's About Box, or similar visible\par
               location, and in the applicable documentation distributed\par
               with each copy of the Application.  \par
\par
      5.1.1.7. Licensee must state in the documentation or other materials\par
               distributed with the Application that Licensee's limited\par
               rights to the deployment are governed by a certain license\par
               agreement between Licensee and MathWorks. Licensee may not\par
               modify or remove any license agreement file (MathWorks or\par
               Third-Party) that is included with the MCR Libraries ("MCR\par
               Library License").  Licensee shall insure that any licensee\par
               of the Application must first accept the terms of such MCR\par
               Library License prior to installation of the Application.\par
\par
  5.2. Simulink(R) Application Deployment Programs \par
\par
    5.2.1. Deployment Programs.  MathWorks provides directories of C, C++,\par
           Assembly, linker command files, template makefiles, project\par
           files, and TLC source code files with Programs that implement\par
           the real-time framework, code generation instructions,\par
           libraries, and Application Programming Interface (API) for use\par
           with the code generated by the Simulink family of products,\par
           including Real-Time Workshop, Stateflow Coder, Simulink HDL\par
           Coder, Embedded Coders and other Programs.  Licensee may use,\par
           copy, and modify these files in source code form for different\par
           development targets provided that they are only copied for\par
           development use in connection with Real-Time Workshop, Embedded\par
           Coders, Stateflow Coder, or other code generation Programs.\par
\par
      5.2.1.1. Licensee may copy and deploy these files outside of the\par
               Programs in Linked Object Code form or Source Code form, if\par
               only used in combination with code generated by those\par
               Programs as part of a larger standalone Application. \par
\par
      5.2.1.2. No further fees shall be due to MathWorks for such\par
               deployment within Licensee's Application, regardless of\par
               whether the Application is deployed solely for Licensee's\par
               Internal Operations or to Third Parties.\par
\par
    5.2.2. Real-Time Windows Target.  Licensee may not incorporate\par
           Real-Time Windows Target into an Application for deployment\par
           without contracting with MathWorks for an OEM or VAR agreement. \par
\par
    5.2.3. xPC Target.  Licensee may develop Applications that incorporate\par
           Linked-in copies of xPC Target and those files required for the\par
           Application that have been compiled or otherwise obtained from\par
           Real-Time Workshop and/or Stateflow Coder on a single\par
           development PC, and download that Application to a target PC\par
           directly connected to the development PC by either Ethernet or\par
           serial connections.  When running on xPC TargetBox(R), the\par
           Application may also be used for standalone operation, without\par
           connection to the development PC.  \par
\par
      5.2.3.1 The right to distribute the Application beyond the target PC\par
              is contingent upon acquiring a License for the xPC Target\par
              Embedded Option.  No further fees shall be due to MathWorks\par
              for such deployment within Licensee's Application, regardless\par
              of whether the Application is deployed solely for Licensee's\par
              Internal Operations or to Third Parties. Additionally, the\par
              Embedded Option License allows for the deployment of API\par
              DLL's beyond the development PC.  No further fees shall be\par
              due to MathWorks for such deployment outside of an\par
              Application, regardless of whether the API DLL's are deployed\par
              solely for Licensee's Internal Operations or to Third\par
              Parties.  \par
\par
6. OTHER SOURCE CODE AND SHARED OBJECT CODE LIBRARIES. \par
\par
  6.1. Programs may include selected Source Code and shared Object Code\par
       library files that implement various documented application\par
       programming interface capabilities of the Programs for which the\par
       Source Code or shared library file is part. \par
\par
    6.1.1. Licensed User may use and modify the selected Source Code files\par
           solely for creation of Licensee's own Applications. Licensee may\par
           copy and distribute Object Code compiled from this Source Code,\par
           but only as either standalone Object Code file (regardless\par
           whether a Derivative Form) or Object Code Linked to the\par
           Application, and only for use with and deployment of Licensee's\par
           own Application. \par
\par
    6.1.2. Licensee may use, copy and distribute shared Object Code library\par
           files (regardless whether a Derivative Form) for deployment of\par
           Licensee's own Application, but only if a header file exists in\par
           the Program for the shared library file. Licensee may not copy\par
           or distribute header files themselves.\par
\par
    6.1.3. Licensee may not transfer Source Code, development rights, or\par
           development capabilities for any Source Code or Object Code to\par
           any Third Party.\par
\par
  6.2. MAT-files.  Licensed User may create and distribute Applications\par
       that read MAT-files using the MAT-file API, however, if such\par
       Applications are distributed to Third Parties, they must also\par
       implement MAT-file write capability.\par
\par
7. DERIVATIVE FORMS.  A Licensee shall only be permitted to distribute a\par
   Derivative Form to Third Parties (a) to the extent expressly permitted\par
   under Articles 5 or 6 of this Addendum, or (b) subject to the\par
   requirements of this Article 7.  A Licensee may only distribute a\par
   Derivative Form to a Third Party under this Article 7 if such Third\par
   Party is bound by a Software License Agreement with MathWorks that\par
   requires such Third Party to treat such Derivative Forms received from\par
   Licensee as such Third Party's own Derivative Form thereunder.  Licensee\par
   agrees that if such a Third Party provides Licensee with software that\par
   is a Derivative Form under the terms of such Third Party's Software\par
   License Agreement with MathWorks (or would otherwise be a Derivative\par
   Form under the terms of this Agreement), then Licensee shall treat such\par
   software as a Derivative Form hereunder as if Licensee has modified or\par
   generated the software itself.\par
\par
8. WEB APPLICATIONS.  Only Programs licensed under the Network Concurrent\par
   User or Designated Computer Activation Types may be called from within a\par
   web Standalone Application, provided the web Standalone Application does\par
   not provide access to the MATLAB command line, or any of the licensed\par
   Programs with code generation capabilities.  In addition, Licensed Users\par
   may not provide access to an entire Program or a substantial portion of\par
   a Program.  Such operation of a Standalone Application via a web\par
   interface may be provided to an unlimited number of web browser clients,\par
   at no cost, for Licensee's own use for its Internal Operations, and for\par
   use by Third Parties. \par
\par
9. APPLICATION LICENSING.  For any distribution of Applications containing\par
   Object Code or Generated Forms to:\par
\par
  9.1. Licensee's internal organization:  Licensee shall take appropriate\par
       action by instruction, agreement, or otherwise with any recipients\par
       of the Application, so as to enable Licensee to satisfy its\par
       obligations under the terms of this Addendum and the Agreement.\par
\par
  9.2. Third Parties:  Your Application shall be accompanied by an\par
       Application License whose terms and conditions are at least as\par
       restrictive as the Agreement, unless the Application is part of an\par
       embedded system that has no provision for licensing to its end\par
       users. \par
\par
    9.2.1. The Application license for Third Parties must explicitly\par
           exclude MathWorks and its Licensors from all liability for\par
           damages or any obligation to provide remedial actions.\par
    9.2.2. In no circumstance shall Licensee include a warranty for any\par
           form of a Program that is inconsistent with or additional to the\par
           warranty contained in the Agreement.  \par
    9.2.3. The additional translation, use, and deployment rights granted\par
           in this Addendum are nontransferable without MathWorks' consent\par
           and shall not be conveyed in Licensee's Application license. \par
    9.2.4. All copyright and proprietary notices for the Programs that\par
           appear in the original form delivered to Licensee shall be\par
           duplicated and included with Licensee's own copyright notices\par
           for the Application, wherever they appear.\par
    9.2.5. Licensee may not remove any copyright, trademark, logo,\par
           proprietary rights, disclaimer or warning notice included on or\par
           embedded in any part of the deployed Application.\par
\par
  9.3. Notwithstanding the termination of the Agreement, all valid\par
       Application licenses shall remain and continue in full force and\par
       effect, and, if the Agreement was not terminated due to:  (a)\par
       Licensee's failure to pay the applicable fees to MathWorks, (b)\par
       Licensee's violation of the License restrictions, or (c) violation\par
       of MathWorks' proprietary rights in the Programs; then Licensee may\par
       continue to use the Programs to support Applications that have been\par
       placed in use pursuant to an Application License prior to the\par
       effective date of termination.\par
\par
10. DISCLAIMER OF OBLIGATIONS AND LIABILITY.\par
\par
  10.1. MathWorks shall have no support or warranty obligations, and\par
        disclaims all liability, for Applications developed or distributed\par
        by Licensee.\par
\par
  10.2. Licensee agrees that prior to using, incorporating, or distributing\par
        the Programs in any Application, it will thoroughly test and\par
        validate the Application and the functionality of the Programs in\par
        that Application and be solely responsible for any problems or\par
        failures.\par
\par
  10.3. Licensee will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless MathWorks and\par
        its Licensors, officers, directors, employees, agents and resellers\par
        from and against any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses\par
        (including reasonable fees of MathWorks' attorneys) arising out of\par
        any Third Party claim or demand based on or arising from, out of or\par
        in connection with (i) the creation, use, or distribution of any\par
        Applications or (ii) the use of the Programs by Licensee.\par
\par
11. GENERAL.  Licensee acknowledges and agrees that a breach of the\par
    obligations set forth in this Addendum shall be a material breach of\par
    the Agreement.\par
\par
03/08\par
PN 20349\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
MiGLayout\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
* Copyright (c) 2004, Mikael Grev, MiG InfoCom AB. (miglayout (at) miginfocom (dot) com)\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,\par
 * are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
 * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list\par
 * of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this\par
 * list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other\par
 * materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * Neither the name of the MiG InfoCom AB nor the names of its contributors may be\par
 * used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific\par
 * prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 * IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,\par
 * INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,\par
 * BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA,\par
 * OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
 * WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY\par
 * OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
MD5 Message Digest Code (AESL)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
/*\par
 **********************************************************************\par
 ** Copyright (C) 1990, RSA Data Security, Inc. All rights reserved. **\par
 **                                                                  **\par
 ** License to copy and use this software is granted provided that   **\par
 ** it is identified as the "RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message     **\par
 ** Digest Algorithm" in all material mentioning or referencing this **\par
 ** software or this function.                                       **\par
 **                                                                  **\par
 ** License is also granted to make and use derivative works         **\par
 ** provided that such works are identified as "derived from the RSA **\par
 ** Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message Digest Algorithm" in all         **\par
 ** material mentioning or referencing the derived work.             **\par
 **                                                                  **\par
 ** RSA Data Security, Inc. makes no representations concerning      **\par
 ** either the merchantability of this software or the suitability   **\par
 ** of this software for any particular purpose.  It is provided "as **\par
 ** is" without express or implied warranty of any kind.             **\par
 **                                                                  **\par
 ** These notices must be retained in any copies of any part of this **\par
 ** documentation and/or software.                                   **\par
 **********************************************************************\par
 */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Micron Simulation Models\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Micron Technology, Inc. Simulation Model License Agreement \par
\par
PLEASE READ THIS SIMULATION MODEL LICENSE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") FROM MICRON TECHNOLOGY, INC. ("MTI") CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING OR USING THIS SIMULATION MODEL (THE "MODEL"). BY INSTALLING OR USING THE MODEL, YOU ARE ACCEPTING AND AGREEING TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEN DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE MODEL. \par
\par
SOFTWARE LICENSE: You acknowledge and agree that it is your sole responsibility to obtain the appropriate license or permission from the owner(s) of the software platform(s) that are necessary for you to operate the Model. MTI is under no obligation whatsoever to offer, provide or secure such license or permission for you. \par
\par
MODEL LICENSE: MTI hereby grants to you the right to install, use and modify the Model solely for testing the Model and designing your product(s) in connection with the Model. You shall not use the Model or any modifications for any other purpose, and shall not copy, rent, or lease the Model or the modifications to any third party. MTI may make changes to the Model at any time without notice to you. MTI is under no obligation whatsoever to update, maintain, or provide new versions or other support for the Model. \par
\par
OWNERSHIP OF MATERIALS: You acknowledge and agree that the Model is proprietary property of MTI and is protected by United States copyright law and international treaty provisions. The Model may not be copied, reproduced, published, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way without MTI's prior written permission. Except as expressly provided herein, MTI does not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secret information. This Agreement does not convey to you an interest in or to the Model, but only a limited right to use and modify the Model in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. \par
\par
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY: THE MODEL IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. MTI EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. MTI DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE MODEL WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE MODEL WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. FURTHERMORE, MTI DOES NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MODEL IN TERMS OF ITS CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE MODEL REMAINS WITH YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL MTI, ITS AFFILIATED COMPANIES OR THEIR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF INFORMATION) ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE MODEL, EVEN IF MTI HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Because some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. \par
\par
TERMINATION OF THIS LICENSE: MTI may terminate this license at any time if you are in breach of the terms of this Agreement. Upon termination, you will immediately destroy the Model. \par
\par
GENERAL: This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between MTI and you regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous oral or written communications between the parties. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Idaho without regard to its conflict of laws rules.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
minGW  (AESL)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
From: http://www.mingw.org/license\par
Licensing Terms\par
\par
Each of the various packages, which is distributed by MinGW.org, is governed by its own individual copyright and licensing terms. In summary, for the most commonly deployed packages:\par
\par
MinGW runtime: The MinGW base runtime package has been placed in the public domain, and is not governed by copyright. This basically means that you can do what you like with the code.\par
\par
w32api: You are free to use, modify and copy this package. No restrictions are imposed on programs or object files linked with this library. You may not restrict the the usage of this library. You may distribute this library as part of another package or as a modified package if, and only if, you do not restrict the usage of the portions consisting of this (optionally modified) library. If distributed as a modified package, then a copy of this notice must be included.\par
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND; without even the implied warranties of MERCHANTABILITY or of FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
MinGW profiling code: MinGW profiling code is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License.\par
\par
Binutils, GCC, GDB, GNU Make: All of the GNU development tools, such as GNU binutils, GCC, GDB and GNU Make, are governed by the terms of the GNU General Public License.\par
\par
#######################################\par
For MinGW runtime, the following are exemplar notices.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT COPYRIGHTED\par
 *\par
 * This source code is offered for use in the public domain. You may\par
 * use, modify or distribute it freely.\par
 *\par
 * This code is distributed in the hope that it will be useful but\par
 * WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY. ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED ARE HEREBY\par
 * DISCLAIMED. This includes but is not limited to warranties of\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* This file has no copyright assigned and is placed in the Public Domain.\par
 * This file is a part of the mingw-runtime package.\par
 * No warranty is given; refer to the file DISCLAIMER within the package.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
*\par
 * This is free software.  You may redistribute and/or modify it as you\par
 * see fit, without restriction of copyright.\par
 *\par
 * This software is provided "as is", in the hope that it may be useful,\par
 * but WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, not even any implied warranty of\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY, nor of FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  At no\par
 * time will the author accept any form of liability for any damages,\par
 * however caused, resulting from the use of this software.\par
 *\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
  This is public domain software.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
*\par
 * This is free software.  You may redistribute and/or modify it as you\par
 * see fit, without restriction of copyright.\par
 *\par
 * This software is provided "as is", in the hope that it may be useful,\par
 * but WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, not even any implied warranty of\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY, nor of FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  At no\par
 * time will the author accept any form of liability for any damages,\par
 * however caused, resulting from the use of this software.\par
 *\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
*\par
 * THIS CODE IS IN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN.\par
 *\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 *\par
 * This is free software.  You may redistribute and/or modify it as you\par
 * see fit, without restriction of copyright.\par
 *\par
 * This software is provided "as is", in the hope that it may be useful,\par
 * but WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, not even any implied warranty of\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY, nor of FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  At no\par
 * time will the author accept any form of liability for any damages,\par
 * however caused, resulting from the use of this software.\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT COPYRIGHTED\par
 *\par
 * This source code is offered for use in the public domain. You may\par
 * use, modify or distribute it freely.\par
 *\par
 * This code is distributed in the hope that it will be useful but\par
 * WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY. ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED ARE HEREBY\par
 * DISCLAIMED. This includes but is not limited to warranties of\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
*\par
 * This code is in the PUBLIC DOMAIN and has NO WARRANTY.\par
 *\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
*\par
 * This is free software.  You may redistribute and/or modify it as you\par
 * see fit, without restriction of copyright.\par
 *\par
 * This software is provided "as is", in the hope that it may be useful,\par
 * but WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, not even any implied warranty of\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY, nor of FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  At no\par
 * time will the author accept any form of liability for any damages,\par
 * however caused, resulting from the use of this software.\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Public domain.\par
 *\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
*\par
 * This is free software.  You may redistribute and/or modify it as you\par
 * see fit, without restriction of copyright.\par
 *\par
 * This software is provided "as is", in the hope that it may be useful,\par
 * but WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, not even any implied warranty of\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY, nor of FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  At no\par
 * time will the author accept any form of liability for any damages,\par
 * however caused, resulting from the use of this software.\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
*\par
 * Totally public domain.\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* This file has no copyright assigned and is placed in the Public Domain.\par
 * This file is a part of the mingw-runtime package.\par
 * No warranty is given; refer to the file DISCLAIMER within the package.\par
 *\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
*\par
 * THIS CODE IS IN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN.\par
 *\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
   No copyright claimed, absolutely no warranties.\par
   \par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
    Copyright: Public Domain\par
    \par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* This is free software.  You may redistribute and/or modify it as you\par
 * see fit, without restriction of copyright.\par
 *\par
 * This software is provided "as is", in the hope that it may be useful,\par
 * but WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, not even any implied warranty of\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY, nor of FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  At no\par
 * time will the author accept any form of liability for any damages,\par
 * however caused, resulting from the use of this software.\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
#######################################\par
For w32api, the following are exemplar notices.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * complex.h\par
 *\par
 * This file is part of the Mingw32 package.\par
 *\par
 * Contributors:\par
 *  Created by Danny Smith <dannysmith@users.sourceforge.net>\par
 *\par
 *  THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT COPYRIGHTED\par
 *\par
 *  This source code is offered for use in the public domain. You may\par
 *  use, modify or distribute it freely.\par
 *\par
 *  This code is distributed in the hope that it will be useful but\par
 *  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY. ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED ARE HEREBY\par
 *  DISCLAIMED. This includes but is not limited to warranties of\par
 *  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/****************************************************************\par
The author of this software is David M. Gay.\par
Copyright (C) 1998 by Lucent Technologies\par
All Rights Reserved\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and\par
its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby\par
granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all\par
copies and that both that the copyright notice and this\par
permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear in supporting\par
documentation, and that the name of Lucent or any of its entities\par
not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to\par
distribution of the software without specific, written prior\par
permission.\par
LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES\par
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER\par
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,\par
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF\par
THIS SOFTWARE.\par
****************************************************************/\par
/* Please send bug reports to David M. Gay (dmg at acm dot org,\par
 * with " at " changed at "@" and " dot " changed to ".").	*/\par
/* Modified by Danny Smith for inclusion in libmingwex.a\par
   Aug 2006  */\par
\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
# Copyright 1991 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology\par
#\par
# Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its\par
# documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that\par
# the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that\par
# copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting\par
# documentation, and that the name of M.I.T. not be used in advertising or\par
# publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific,\par
# written prior permission.  M.I.T. makes no representations about the\par
# suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is"\par
# without express or implied warranty.\par
#\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* \par
 * mbctype.h\par
 *\par
 * Functions for testing multibyte character types and converting characters.\par
 *\par
 * This file is part of the Mingw32 package.\par
 *\par
 *\par
 *  THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT COPYRIGHTED\par
 *\par
 *  This source code is offered for use in the public domain. You may\par
 *  use, modify or distribute it freely.\par
 *\par
 *  This code is distributed in the hope that it will be useful but\par
 *  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY. ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED ARE HEREBY\par
 *  DISCLAIMED. This includes but is not limited to warranties of\par
 *  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* \par
 * dir.h\par
 *\par
 * This file OBSOLESCENT and only provided for backward compatibility.\par
 * Please use io.h instead.\par
 *\par
 * This file is part of the Mingw32 package.\par
 *\par
 * Contributors:\par
 *  Created by Colin Peters <colin@bird.fu.is.saga-u.ac.jp>\par
 *             Mumit Khan <khan@xraylith.wisc.edu>\par
 *\par
 *  THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT COPYRIGHTED\par
 *\par
 *  This source code is offered for use in the public domain. You may\par
 *  use, modify or distribute it freely.\par
 *\par
 *  This code is distributed in the hope that it will be useful but\par
 *  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY. ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED ARE HEREBY\par
 *  DISCLAIMED. This includes but is not limited to warranties of\par
 *  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* \par
 * getopt.c\par
 *\par
 * $Id: getopt.c,v 1.9 2009/02/08 18:02:17 keithmarshall Exp $\par
 *\par
 * Implementation of the `getopt', `getopt_long' and `getopt_long_only'\par
 * APIs, for inclusion in the MinGW runtime library.\par
 *\par
 * This file is part of the Mingw32 package set.\par
 *\par
 * Contributed by Keith Marshall <keithmarshall@users.sourceforge.net>\par
 *\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT COPYRIGHTED\par
 *\par
 * This source code is offered for use in the public domain. You may\par
 * use, modify or distribute it freely.\par
 *\par
 * This code is distributed in the hope that it will be useful but\par
 * WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY. ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED ARE HEREBY\par
 * DISCLAIMED. This includes but is not limited to warranties of\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 *\par
 * $Revision: 1.9 $\par
 * $Author: keithmarshall $\par
 * $Date: 2009/02/08 18:02:17 $\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * mbstring.h\par
 *\par
 * Protototypes for string functions supporting multibyte characters. \par
 *\par
 * This file is part of the Mingw32 package.\par
 *\par
 *\par
 *  THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT COPYRIGHTED\par
 *\par
 *  This source code is offered for use in the public domain. You may\par
 *  use, modify or distribute it freely.\par
 *\par
 *  This code is distributed in the hope that it will be useful but\par
 *  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY. ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED ARE HEREBY\par
 *  DISCLAIMED. This includes but is not limited to warranties of\par
 *  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* \par
 * search.h\par
 *\par
 * Functions for searching and sorting.\par
 *\par
 * This file is part of the Mingw32 package.\par
 *\par
 * Contributors:\par
 *  Created by Danny Smith  <dannysmith@users.sourceforge.net>\par
 *\par
 *  THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT COPYRIGHTED\par
 *\par
 *  This source code is offered for use in the public domain. You may\par
 *  use, modify or distribute it freely.\par
 *\par
 *  This code is distributed in the hope that it will be useful but\par
 *  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY. ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED ARE HEREBY\par
 *  DISCLAIMED. This includes but is not limited to warranties of\par
 *  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* \par
 * wctype.h\par
 *\par
 * Functions for testing wide character types and converting characters.\par
 *\par
 * This file is part of the Mingw32 package.\par
 *\par
 * Contributors:\par
 *  Created by Mumit Khan <khan@xraylith.wisc.edu>\par
 *\par
 *  THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT COPYRIGHTED\par
 *\par
 *  This source code is offered for use in the public domain. You may\par
 *  use, modify or distribute it freely.\par
 *\par
 *  This code is distributed in the hope that it will be useful but\par
 *  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY. ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED ARE HEREBY\par
 *  DISCLAIMED. This includes but is not limited to warranties of\par
 *  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
#######################################\par
MSYS contains several different other packages.  Most of those packages are licensed by the GNU Public License (GPL). \par
\par
You may use MSYS on any number of systems.  There is no restriction to your use.  You may use MSYS commercially as well as privately.  You the user assume the responsibility for the use of the files, binary or text, and there is no guarantee or warranty, expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.   You assume all responsibility and agree to hold no entity, copyright holder or distributors liable for any loss of data or inaccurate representations of data as a result of using MSYS.\par
\par
You may redistribute MSYS in part or in whole as long as you follow the guidelines of redistribution of each license contained within.  To be certain that you are being legally compliant, always distribute the source.  Distribution of source is your responsibility should you decide to redistribute MSYS.  If you distribute MSYS via a web site then you must put a copy of the source for that version of MSYS on your web site as well.  If you distribute MSYS via removable media then you must distribute that version of MSYS source with that same type of removable media.\par
\par
Binaries created from the use of MSYS and of MinGW are not bound by any license found within this package unless you use a library that is itself covered by the GPL license.  If you wish to create proprietary software then don't use libiberty.a or any other GPL licensed library.  A library licensed with LGPL (Lesser GPL) may be used by proprietary software without GPL infection as special permission within the LGPL has given you this right.\par
\par
Earnie.\par
Earnie@users.sf.net\par
 \par
The following are exemplar notices for MSYS.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* obstack.c - subroutines used implicitly by object stack macros\par
   Copyright (C) 1988-1994,96,97,98,99,2000 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This file is part of the GNU C Library.  Its master source is NOT part of\par
   the C library, however.  The master source lives in /gd/gnu/lib.\par
   The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
   modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as\par
   published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the\par
   License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
   The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
   Library General Public License for more details.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
   License along with the GNU C Library; see the file COPYING.LIB.  If not,\par
   write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330,\par
   Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.  */\par
\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* GNU's who.\par
   Copyright (C) 1992-1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
   any later version.\par
   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
   along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation,\par
   Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.  */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* kill.c -- kill ring management. */\par
/* Copyright (C) 1994 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This file is part of the GNU Readline Library, a library for\par
   reading lines of text with interactive input and history editing.\par
   The GNU Readline Library is free software; you can redistribute it\par
   and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License\par
   as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or\par
   (at your option) any later version.\par
   The GNU Readline Library is distributed in the hope that it will be\par
   useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty\par
   of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
   The GNU General Public License is often shipped with GNU software, and\par
   is generally kept in a file called COPYING or LICENSE.  If you do not\par
   have a copy of the license, write to the Free Software Foundation,\par
   59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111 USA. */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* Copyright (C) 1985-2002 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
   any later version.\par
   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
   WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General\par
   Public License for more details.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along\par
   with this program; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free\par
   Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111 USA. */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are\par
 * duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation,\par
 * advertising materials, and other materials related to such\par
 * distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed\par
 * by the University of California, Berkeley.  The name of the\par
 * University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived\par
 * from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 */\par
/*\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (c) 2000 Silicon Graphics, Inc.  All Rights Reserved.\par
 *\par
 * This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
 * under the terms of version 2 of the GNU General Public License as\par
 * published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
 *\par
 * This program is distributed in the hope that it would be useful, but\par
 * WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 *\par
 * Further, this software is distributed without any warranty that it is\par
 * free of the rightful claim of any third person regarding infringement\par
 * or the like.  Any license provided herein, whether implied or\par
 * otherwise, applies only to this software file.  Patent licenses, if\par
 * any, provided herein do not apply to combinations of this program with\par
 * other software, or any other product whatsoever.\par
 *\par
 * You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along\par
 * with this program; if not, write the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59\par
 * Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston MA 02111-1307, USA.\par
 *\par
 * Contact information: Silicon Graphics, Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy,\par
 * Mountain View, CA  94043, or:\par
 *\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* make_cmd.h -- Declarations of functions found in make_cmd.c */\par
/* Copyright (C) 1993-2005 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This file is part of GNU Bash, the Bourne Again SHell.\par
   Bash is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under\par
   the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free\par
   Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later\par
   version.\par
   Bash is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY\par
   WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or\par
   FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License\par
   for more details.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along\par
   with Bash; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free Software\par
   Foundation, 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111 USA. */\par
\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* Interface to `ar' archives for GNU Make.\par
Copyright (C) 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997,\par
1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is part of GNU Make.\par
GNU Make is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the\par
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software\par
Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later version.\par
GNU Make is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY\par
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with\par
GNU Make; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free Software\par
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.  */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* Snagged from GNU C library, version 2.0.3. */\par
/*\par
 * ++Copyright++ 1983, 1990, 1993\par
 * -\par
 * Copyright (c) 1983, 1990, 1993\par
 *    The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
 *    must display the following acknowledgement:\par
 * 	This product includes software developed by the University of\par
 * 	California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
 * 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
 *    without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 * SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 * -\par
 * Portions Copyright (c) 1993 by Digital Equipment Corporation.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
 * copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies, and that\par
 * the name of Digital Equipment Corporation not be used in advertising or\par
 * publicity pertaining to distribution of the document or software without\par
 * specific, written prior permission.\par
 *\par
 * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORP. DISCLAIMS ALL\par
 * WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 * OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS.   IN NO EVENT SHALL DIGITAL EQUIPMENT\par
 * CORPORATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR\par
 * PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS\par
 * ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS\par
 * SOFTWARE.\par
 * -\par
 * --Copyright--\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
   Copyright (C) 1993, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 Free\par
   Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
   any later version.\par
   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
   along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
   Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.\par
   Written by Brian Fox (bfox@ai.mit.edu). */\par
\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * regsub\par
 *\par
 *	Copyright (c) 1986 by University of Toronto.\par
 *	Written by Henry Spencer.  Not derived from licensed software.\par
 *\par
 *	Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any\par
 *	purpose on any computer system, and to redistribute it freely,\par
 *	subject to the following restrictions:\par
 *\par
 *	1. The author is not responsible for the consequences of use of\par
 *		this software, no matter how awful, even if they arise\par
 *		from defects in it.\par
 *\par
 *	2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented, either\par
 *		by explicit claim or by omission.\par
 *\par
 *	3. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not\par
 *		be misrepresented as being the original software.\par
 */\par
\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* strcasecmp.c - functions for case-insensitive string comparison. */\par
/* Copyright (C) 1995 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This file is part of GNU Bash, the Bourne Again SHell.\par
   Bash is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under\par
   the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free\par
   Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later\par
   version.\par
   Bash is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY\par
   WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or\par
   FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License\par
   for more details.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along\par
   with Bash; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free Software\par
   Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* host.h - Parameters about the a.out format, based on the host system\par
   on which the program is compiled. \par
   Copyright 2001 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
   (at your option) any later version.\par
   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
   along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
   Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.  */\par
/* Address of data segment in memory after it is loaded.\par
   It is up to you to define SEGMENT_SIZE on machines not listed here.  */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*-------------------------------------------------------------*/\par
/*--- Block sorting machinery                               ---*/\par
/*---                                           blocksort.c ---*/\par
/*-------------------------------------------------------------*/\par
/*--\par
  This file is a part of bzip2 and/or libbzip2, a program and\par
  library for lossless, block-sorting data compression.\par
  Copyright (C) 1996-2005 Julian R Seward.  All rights reserved.\par
  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
  are met:\par
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
  2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must \par
     not claim that you wrote the original software.  If you use this \par
     software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product \par
     documentation would be appreciated but is not required.\par
  3. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must\par
     not be misrepresented as being the original software.\par
  4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote \par
     products derived from this software without specific prior written \par
     permission.\par
  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS\par
  OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
  WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
  ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
  DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
  DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE\par
  GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
  INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
  WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
  NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
  SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
  Julian Seward, Cambridge, UK.\par
  jseward@bzip.org\par
  bzip2/libbzip2 version 1.0 of 21 March 2000\par
  This program is based on (at least) the work of:\par
     Mike Burrows\par
     David Wheeler\par
     Peter Fenwick\par
     Alistair Moffat\par
     Radford Neal\par
     Ian H. Witten\par
     Robert Sedgewick\par
     Jon L. Bentley\par
  For more information on these sources, see the manual.\par
  To get some idea how the block sorting algorithms in this file \par
  work, read my paper \par
     On the Performance of BWT Sorting Algorithms\par
  in Proceedings of the IEEE Data Compression Conference 2000,\par
  Snowbird, Utah, USA, 27-30 March 2000.  The main sort in this\par
  file implements the algorithm called  cache  in the paper.\par
--*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* Parse arguments from a string and prepend them to an argv.\par
   Copyright 1999, 2000 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
   any later version.\par
   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
   along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
   Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA\par
   02111-1307, USA.  */\par
/* Written by Paul Eggert <eggert@twinsun.com>.  */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (C) 1989-95 GROUPE BULL\par
 *\par
 * Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\par
 * of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to\par
 * deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the\par
 * rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or\par
 * sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
 * furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
 *\par
 * The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
 * all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
 *\par
 * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
 * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL\par
 * GROUPE BULL BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
 * AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN\par
 * CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
 *\par
 * Except as contained in this notice, the name of GROUPE BULL shall not be\par
 * used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings\par
 * in this Software without prior written authorization from GROUPE BULL.\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* ====================================================\par
 * Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Developed at SunPro, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business.\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
 * software is freely granted, provided that this notice \par
 * is preserved.\par
 * ====================================================\par
 *\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (C) 1995-1997 the Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
 *\par
 * This file is part of GAWK, the GNU implementation of the\par
 * AWK Progamming Language.\par
 *\par
 * GAWK is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
 * it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
 * the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
 * (at your option) any later version.\par
 *\par
 * GAWK is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
 * but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
 * GNU General Public License for more details.\par
 *\par
 * You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
 * along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
 * Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA\par
 */\par
\par
#######################################\par
For make:\par
\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 3, a copy of which is made available below in this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
#######################################\par
For gdb:\par
\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 3, a copy of which is made available below in this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
#######################################\par
For binutils:\par
\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 3, a copy of which is made available below in this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
#######################################\par
For GCC:\par
\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 3, a copy of which is made available below in this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
GCC RUNTIME LIBRARY EXCEPTION\par
\par
Version 3.1, 31 March 2009\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/>\par
\par
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this\par
license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
\par
This GCC Runtime Library Exception ("Exception") is an additional\par
permission under section 7 of the GNU General Public License, version\par
3 ("GPLv3"). It applies to a given file (the "Runtime Library") that\par
bears a notice placed by the copyright holder of the file stating that\par
the file is governed by GPLv3 along with this Exception.\par
\par
When you use GCC to compile a program, GCC may combine portions of\par
certain GCC header files and runtime libraries with the compiled\par
program. The purpose of this Exception is to allow compilation of\par
non-GPL (including proprietary) programs to use, in this way, the\par
header files and runtime libraries covered by this Exception.\par
\par
0. Definitions.\par
\par
A file is an "Independent Module" if it either requires the Runtime\par
Library for execution after a Compilation Process, or makes use of an\par
interface provided by the Runtime Library, but is not otherwise based\par
on the Runtime Library.\par
\par
"GCC" means a version of the GNU Compiler Collection, with or without\par
modifications, governed by version 3 (or a specified later version) of\par
the GNU General Public License (GPL) with the option of using any\par
subsequent versions published by the FSF.\par
\par
"GPL-compatible Software" is software whose conditions of propagation,\par
modification and use would permit combination with GCC in accord with\par
the license of GCC.\par
\par
"Target Code" refers to output from any compiler for a real or virtual\par
target processor architecture, in executable form or suitable for\par
input to an assembler, loader, linker and/or execution\par
phase. Notwithstanding that, Target Code does not include data in any\par
format that is used as a compiler intermediate representation, or used\par
for producing a compiler intermediate representation.\par
\par
The "Compilation Process" transforms code entirely represented in\par
non-intermediate languages designed for human-written code, and/or in\par
Java Virtual Machine byte code, into Target Code. Thus, for example,\par
use of source code generators and preprocessors need not be considered\par
part of the Compilation Process, since the Compilation Process can be\par
understood as starting with the output of the generators or\par
preprocessors.\par
\par
A Compilation Process is "Eligible" if it is done using GCC, alone or\par
with other GPL-compatible software, or if it is done without using any\par
work based on GCC. For example, using non-GPL-compatible Software to\par
optimize any GCC intermediate representations would not qualify as an\par
Eligible Compilation Process.\par
\par
1. Grant of Additional Permission.\par
\par
You have permission to propagate a work of Target Code formed by\par
combining the Runtime Library with Independent Modules, even if such\par
propagation would otherwise violate the terms of GPLv3, provided that\par
all Target Code was generated by Eligible Compilation Processes. You\par
may then convey such a combination under terms of your choice,\par
consistent with the licensing of the Independent Modules.\par
\par
2. No Weakening of GCC Copyleft.\par
\par
The availability of this Exception does not imply any general\par
presumption that third-party software is unaffected by the copyleft\par
requirements of the license of GCC.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
MinGW-w32 v 20111219\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
   Copyright (C) 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007,2008,  2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  \par
   This file is part of the GNU ISO C++ Library.  This library is free\par
   software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the\par
   terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
   Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
   any later version.\par
   This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
   Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
   permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
   3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
   a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program;\par
   see the files COPYING3 and COPYING.RUNTIME respectively.  If not, see\par
   <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
   Copyright (C) 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  \par
   This file is part of the GNU ISO C++ Library.  This library is free\par
   software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms\par
   of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software\par
   Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later\par
   version.\par
   This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
   WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
   General Public License for more details.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
   along with this library; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to\par
   the Free Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston,\par
   MA 02111-1307, USA.\par
   As a special exception, you may use this file as part of a free\par
   software library without restriction.  Specifically, if other files\par
   instantiate templates or use macros or inline functions from this\par
   file, or you compile this file and link it with other files to\par
   produce an executable, this file does not by itself cause the\par
   resulting executable to be covered by the GNU General Public\par
   License.  This exception does not however invalidate any other\par
   reasons why the executable file might be covered by the GNU General\par
   Public License.  \par
   Written by Lixia Liu and Silvius Rus.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
   Copyright (C) 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   Written by Francois-Xavier Coudert  <fxcoudert@gcc.gnu.org>\par
This file is part of the libquadmath library.\par
Libquadmath is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
Libquadmath is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Library General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
License along with libquadmath; see the file COPYING.LIB.  If\par
not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street - Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
   Copyright (C) 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  \par
   This file is part of the GNU ISO C++ Library.  This library is free\par
   software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the\par
   terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
   Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
   any later version.\par
   This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
   Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
   permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
   3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
   a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program;\par
   see the files COPYING3 and COPYING.RUNTIME respectively.  If not, see\par
   <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
   Copyright (C) 2004 Ami Tavory and Vladimir Dreizin, IBM-HRL.\par
   Permission to use, copy, modify, sell, and distribute this software\par
   is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright\par
   notice appears in all copies, and that both that copyright notice\par
   and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation. None\par
   of the above authors, nor IBM Haifa Research Laboratories, make any\par
   representation about the suitability of this software for any\par
   purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied\par
   warranty.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
   Copyright (C) 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010,\par
   2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  \par
   This file is part of the GNU ISO C++ Library.  This library is free\par
   software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the\par
   terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
   Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
   any later version.\par
   This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
   Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
   permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
   3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
   a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program;\par
   see the files COPYING3 and COPYING.RUNTIME respectively.  If not, see\par
   <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
  \par
   Copyright (c) 1994\par
   Hewlett-Packard Company\par
  \par
   Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
   and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
   provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
   that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
   in supporting documentation.  Hewlett-Packard Company makes no\par
   representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
   purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
  \par
   Copyright (c) 1996,1997\par
   Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, Inc.\par
  \par
   Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
   and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
   provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
   that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
   in supporting documentation.  Silicon Graphics makes no\par
   representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
   purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
   Copyright 2008 James Hawkins\par
  \par
   This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
   modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
   License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
   version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
  \par
   This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
   Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
  \par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
   License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software\par
   Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
    Copyright 2007 Marcel Partap\par
  \par
   This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
   modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
   License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
   version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
  \par
   This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
   Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
  \par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
   License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software\par
   Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
   Copyright (C) 2004 Francois Gouget\par
  \par
   This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
   modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
   License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
   version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
  \par
   This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
   Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
  \par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
   License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software\par
   Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
Copyright (C) 1993, 1994, 1995, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is part of GCC.\par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it\par
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the\par
Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any\par
later version.\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT\par
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public\par
License for more details.\par
Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program;\par
see the files COPYING3 and COPYING.RUNTIME respectively.  If not, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  \par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
   Copyright (C) 1998, 1999, 2000, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2008, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   Contributed by Mumit Khan <khan@xraylith.wisc.edu>.\par
This file is part of GCC.\par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under\par
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free\par
Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any later\par
version.\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY\par
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License\par
for more details.\par
Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program;\par
see the files COPYING3 and COPYING.RUNTIME respectively.  If not, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  \par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
   Copyright (C) 2000, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2010, 2011\par
   Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
  \par
   This file is part of GCC.\par
  \par
   GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
   any later version.\par
  \par
   GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
  \par
   Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
   permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
   3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
   a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program;\par
   see the files COPYING3 and COPYING.RUNTIME respectively.  If not, see\par
   <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
   Written by Nathan Sidwell, Codesourcery LLC, <nathan@codesourcery.com>\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
   Copyright (C) 1997, 1999, 2000, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   Contributed by Nicola Pero <nicola.pero@meta-innovation.com>\par
\par
   This file is part of GCC.\par
   GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
   any later version.\par
\par
   GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
   Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
   permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
   3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
   a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program;\par
   see the files COPYING3 and COPYING.RUNTIME respectively.  If not, see\par
   <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.  \par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
   Copyright (C) 1989, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
This file is part of GCC.\par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GCC; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to\par
the Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  \par
   As a special exception, if you include this header file into source\par
   files compiled by GCC, this header file does not by itself cause\par
   the resulting executable to be covered by the GNU General Public\par
   License.  This exception does not however invalidate any other\par
   reasons why the executable file might be covered by the GNU General\par
   Public License.  \par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
   Copyright (C) 2004, 2005, 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   Contributed by Apple, Inc.\par
This file is part of GCC.\par
GCC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
GCC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
Under Section 7 of GPL version 3, you are granted additional\par
permissions described in the GCC Runtime Library Exception, version\par
3.1, as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and\par
a copy of the GCC Runtime Library Exception along with this program;\par
see the files COPYING3 and COPYING.RUNTIME respectively.  If not, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
MinGW-w64\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
CONTENTS OF FILE "COPYING3"\par
----------\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 3, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
CONTENTS OF FILE "COPYING/RUNTIME"\par
----------\par
GCC RUNTIME LIBRARY EXCEPTION\par
\par
Version 3.1, 31 March 2009\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/>\par
\par
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this\par
license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
\par
This GCC Runtime Library Exception ("Exception") is an additional\par
permission under section 7 of the GNU General Public License, version\par
3 ("GPLv3"). It applies to a given file (the "Runtime Library") that\par
bears a notice placed by the copyright holder of the file stating that\par
the file is governed by GPLv3 along with this Exception.\par
\par
When you use GCC to compile a program, GCC may combine portions of\par
certain GCC header files and runtime libraries with the compiled\par
program. The purpose of this Exception is to allow compilation of\par
non-GPL (including proprietary) programs to use, in this way, the\par
header files and runtime libraries covered by this Exception.\par
\par
0. Definitions.\par
\par
A file is an "Independent Module" if it either requires the Runtime\par
Library for execution after a Compilation Process, or makes use of an\par
interface provided by the Runtime Library, but is not otherwise based\par
on the Runtime Library.\par
\par
"GCC" means a version of the GNU Compiler Collection, with or without\par
modifications, governed by version 3 (or a specified later version) of\par
the GNU General Public License (GPL) with the option of using any\par
subsequent versions published by the FSF.\par
\par
"GPL-compatible Software" is software whose conditions of propagation,\par
modification and use would permit combination with GCC in accord with\par
the license of GCC.\par
\par
"Target Code" refers to output from any compiler for a real or virtual\par
target processor architecture, in executable form or suitable for\par
input to an assembler, loader, linker and/or execution\par
phase. Notwithstanding that, Target Code does not include data in any\par
format that is used as a compiler intermediate representation, or used\par
for producing a compiler intermediate representation.\par
\par
The "Compilation Process" transforms code entirely represented in\par
non-intermediate languages designed for human-written code, and/or in\par
Java Virtual Machine byte code, into Target Code. Thus, for example,\par
use of source code generators and preprocessors need not be considered\par
part of the Compilation Process, since the Compilation Process can be\par
understood as starting with the output of the generators or\par
preprocessors.\par
\par
A Compilation Process is "Eligible" if it is done using GCC, alone or\par
with other GPL-compatible software, or if it is done without using any\par
work based on GCC. For example, using non-GPL-compatible Software to\par
optimize any GCC intermediate representations would not qualify as an\par
Eligible Compilation Process.\par
\par
1. Grant of Additional Permission.\par
\par
You have permission to propagate a work of Target Code formed by\par
combining the Runtime Library with Independent Modules, even if such\par
propagation would otherwise violate the terms of GPLv3, provided that\par
all Target Code was generated by Eligible Compilation Processes. You\par
may then convey such a combination under terms of your choice,\par
consistent with the licensing of the Independent Modules.\par
\par
2. No Weakening of GCC Copyleft.\par
\par
The availability of this Exception does not imply any general\par
presumption that third-party software is unaffected by the copyleft\par
requirements of the license of GCC.\par
\par
CONTENTS OF FILE " COPYING"\par
----------\par
The text of the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
CONTENTS OF FILE "COPYING.LIB"\par
----------\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
CONTENTS OF FILE "COPYING.MINGW-W64.TXT"\par
\par
MinGW-w64 licensing\par
*******************\par
\par
The copyright and license notices have been divided in two files:\par
The notices in COPYING.MinGW-w64.txt (this file) apply only to\par
MinGW-w64 itself. These don't apply to the binaries built with\par
MinGW-w64 unless you specifically tell MinGW-w64 to link against\par
these parts, for example, by enabling profiling code.\par
\par
In addition to the notices in this file, also the notices in\par
COPYING.MinGW-w64-runtime.txt apply to MinGW-w64. Some (possibly\par
all) notices in that file may apply also to the binaries built with\par
this version of MinGW-w64. The idea is that if you create binary\par
packages of your software with MinGW-w64, you can simply copy\par
COPYING.MinGW-w64-runtime.txt into your package to fulfill the\par
license requirements of the MinGW runtime.\par
\par
If you think that not all notices apply to your package and want to\par
remove some of them, note that, for example, the gdtoa files always\par
get linked in if you use any printf-like function. So usually it is\par
easiest and safest to just keep all the notices.\par
\par
====================\par
GCC and GNU binutils\par
====================\par
\par
Copyright (C) Free Software Foundation\par
License: GNU GPLv3+ (see the file COPYING.GPLv3)\par
\par
==============\par
Profiling code\par
==============\par
\par
Copyright 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 Red Hat, Inc.\par
License: GNU GPLv2+ (see the file COPYING.GPLv2)\par
\par
        *       *       *       *       *       *       *\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1982, 1983, 1986, 1992, 1993\par
     The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
   may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
   without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
=======================\par
DirectX and DDK headers\par
=======================\par
\par
DirectX and DDK headers are under GNU LGPLv2.1+ (see the file\par
COPYING.LGPLv2.1) and copyrighted by various people. Using these\par
headers doesn't make LGPLv2.1 apply to your code, because these\par
headers files contain only data structure definitions, short\par
macros, and short inline functions. Here is the relevant part\par
from LGPLv2.1 section 5 paragraph 4:\par
\par
    If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data\par
    structure layouts and accessors, and small macros and small\par
    inline functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use\par
    of the object file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it\par
    is legally a derivative work.\par
\par
====================\par
libmangle and gendef\par
====================\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009 mingw-w64 project\par
\par
Contributing authors: Kai Tietz, Jonathan Yong\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a\par
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),\par
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation\par
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,\par
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the\par
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING\par
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
\par
====\par
PSEH\par
====\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2004-2008 KJK::Hyperion\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a\par
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),\par
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation\par
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,\par
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the\par
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING\par
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
\par
CONTENTS OF FILE "COPYING.MINGW-W64-RUNTIME.TXT"\par
\par
MinGW-w64 runtime licensing\par
***************************\par
\par
This program or library was built using MinGW-w64 and statically\par
linked against the MinGW-w64 runtime. Some parts of the runtime\par
are under licenses which require that the copyright and license\par
notices are included when distributing the code in binary form.\par
These notices are listed below.\par
\par
\par
========================\par
Overall copyright notice\par
========================\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009, 2010 by the mingw-w64 project\par
\par
This license has been certified as open source. It has also been designated\par
as GPL compatible by the Free Software Foundation (FSF).\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions in source code must retain the accompanying copyright\par
      notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the accompanying\par
      copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer\par
      in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
      distribution.\par
   3. Names of the copyright holders must not be used to endorse or promote\par
      products derived from this software without prior written permission\par
      from the copyright holders.\par
   4. The right to distribute this software or to use it for any purpose does\par
      not give you the right to use Servicemarks (sm) or Trademarks (tm) of\par
      the copyright holders.  Use of them is covered by separate agreement\par
      with the copyright holders.\par
   5. If any files are modified, you must cause the modified files to carry\par
      prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of\par
      any change.\par
\par
Disclaimer\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO\par
EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA,\par
OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,\par
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
========================================\par
getopt, getopt_long, and getop_long_only\par
========================================\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2002 Todd C. Miller <Todd.Miller@courtesan.com>\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above\par
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES\par
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR\par
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES\par
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN\par
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF\par
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Sponsored in part by the Defense Advanced Research Projects\par
Agency (DARPA) and Air Force Research Laboratory, Air Force\par
Materiel Command, USAF, under agreement number F39502-99-1-0512.\par
\par
        *       *       *       *       *       *       *\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000 The NetBSD Foundation, Inc.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
This code is derived from software contributed to The NetBSD Foundation\par
by Dieter Baron and Thomas Klausner.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE NETBSD FOUNDATION, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED\par
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE FOUNDATION OR CONTRIBUTORS\par
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
===============================================================\par
gdtoa: Converting between IEEE floating point numbers and ASCII\par
===============================================================\par
\par
The author of this software is David M. Gay.\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001 by Lucent Technologies\par
All Rights Reserved\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and\par
its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby\par
granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all\par
copies and that both that the copyright notice and this\par
permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear in supporting\par
documentation, and that the name of Lucent or any of its entities\par
not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to\par
distribution of the software without specific, written prior\par
permission.\par
\par
LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES\par
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER\par
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,\par
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF\par
THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
        *       *       *       *       *       *       *\par
\par
The author of this software is David M. Gay.\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2005 by David M. Gay\par
All Rights Reserved\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its\par
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,\par
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that\par
both that the copyright notice and this permission notice and warranty\par
disclaimer appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of\par
the author or any of his current or former employers not be used in\par
advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software\par
without specific, written prior permission.\par
\par
THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS.  IN\par
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR ANY OF HIS CURRENT OR FORMER EMPLOYERS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY\par
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,\par
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,\par
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\par
        *       *       *       *       *       *       *\par
\par
The author of this software is David M. Gay.\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2004 by David M. Gay.\par
All Rights Reserved\par
Based on material in the rest of /netlib/fp/gdota.tar.gz,\par
which is copyright (C) 1998, 2000 by Lucent Technologies.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and\par
its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby\par
granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all\par
copies and that both that the copyright notice and this\par
permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear in supporting\par
documentation, and that the name of Lucent or any of its entities\par
not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to\par
distribution of the software without specific, written prior\par
permission.\par
\par
LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES\par
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER\par
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,\par
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF\par
THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
\par
=========================\par
Parts of the math library\par
=========================\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Developed at SunSoft, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software is freely granted, provided that this notice\par
is preserved.\par
\par
        *       *       *       *       *       *       *\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Developed at SunPro, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software is freely granted, provided that this notice\par
is preserved.\par
\par
        *       *       *       *       *       *       *\par
\par
FIXME: Cephes math lib\par
Copyright (C) 1984-1998 Stephen L. Moshier\par
\par
It sounds vague, but as to be found at\par
<http://lists.debian.org/debian-legal/2004/12/msg00295.html>, it gives an\par
impression that the author could be willing to give an explicit\par
permission to distribute those files e.g. under a BSD style license. So\par
probably there is no problem here, although it could be good to get a\par
permission from the author and then add a license into the Cephes files\par
in MinGW runtime. At least on follow-up it is marked that debian sees the\par
version a-like BSD one. As MinGW.org (where those cephes parts are coming\par
from) distributes them now over 6 years, it should be fine.\par
\par
\par
CONTENTS OF FILE "COPYING.NEWLIB"\par
\par
The newlib subdirectory is a collection of software from several sources.\par
\par
Each file may have its own copyright/license that is embedded in the source \par
file.  Unless otherwise noted in the body of the source file(s), the following copyright\par
notices will apply to the contents of the newlib subdirectory:\par
\par
(1) Red Hat Incorporated\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994-2009  Red Hat, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
This copyrighted material is made available to anyone wishing to use,\par
modify, copy, or redistribute it subject to the terms and conditions\par
of the BSD License.   This program is distributed in the hope that \par
it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY expressed or implied, \par
including the implied warranties of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR \par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  A copy of this license is available at \par
http://www.opensource.org/licenses. Any Red Hat trademarks that are\par
incorporated in the source code or documentation are not subject to\par
the BSD License and may only be used or replicated with the express\par
permission of Red Hat, Inc.\par
\par
(2) University of California, Berkeley\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1981-2000 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,\par
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, \par
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
      and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
    * Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors \par
      may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software \par
      without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" \par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED \par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. \par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, \par
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT \par
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR \par
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, \par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) \par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY\par
OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(3) David M. Gay (AT&T 1991, Lucent 1998)\par
\par
The author of this software is David M. Gay.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991 by AT&T.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice\par
is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy\par
or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting\par
documentation for such software.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTY.  IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY\par
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
The author of this software is David M. Gay.\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998-2001 by Lucent Technologies\par
All Rights Reserved\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and\par
its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby\par
granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all\par
copies and that both that the copyright notice and this\par
permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear in supporting\par
documentation, and that the name of Lucent or any of its entities\par
not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to\par
distribution of the software without specific, written prior\par
permission.\par
\par
LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES\par
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER\par
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,\par
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF\par
THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
\par
(4) Advanced Micro Devices\par
\par
Copyright 1989, 1990 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.\par
\par
This software is the property of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc  (AMD)  which\par
specifically  grants the user the right to modify, use and distribute this\par
software provided this notice is not removed or altered.  All other rights\par
are reserved by AMD.\par
\par
AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS\par
SOFTWARE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR\par
USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
So that all may benefit from your experience, please report  any  problems\par
or  suggestions about this software to the 29K Technical Support Center at\par
800-29-29-AMD (800-292-9263) in the USA, or 0800-89-1131  in  the  UK,  or\par
0031-11-1129 in Japan, toll free.  The direct dial number is 512-462-4118.\par
\par
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.\par
29K Support Products\par
Mail Stop 573\par
5900 E. Ben White Blvd.\par
Austin, TX 78741\par
800-292-9263\par
\par
(5) C.W. Sandmann\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 C.W. Sandmann\par
\par
This file may be freely distributed as long as the author's name remains.\par
\par
(6) Eric Backus\par
\par
(C) Copyright 1992 Eric Backus\par
\par
This software may be used freely so long as this copyright notice is\par
left intact.  There is no warrantee on this software.\par
\par
(7) Sun Microsystems\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Developed at SunPro, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software is freely granted, provided that this notice is preserved.\par
\par
(8) Hewlett Packard\par
\par
(c) Copyright 1986 HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY\par
\par
To anyone who acknowledges that this file is provided "AS IS"\par
without any express or implied warranty:\par
    permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this file\par
for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that\par
the above copyright notice and this notice appears in all\par
copies, and that the name of Hewlett-Packard Company not be\par
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution\par
of the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
Hewlett-Packard Company makes no representations about the\par
suitability of this software for any purpose.\par
\par
(9) Hans-Peter Nilsson\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2001 Hans-Peter Nilsson\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software is\par
freely granted, provided that the above copyright notice, this notice\par
and the following disclaimer are preserved with no changes.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE.\par
\par
(10) Stephane Carrez (m68hc11-elf/m68hc12-elf targets only)\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 Stephane Carrez (stcarrez@nerim.fr)\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,\par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.\par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors\par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that\par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where\par
they apply.\par
\par
(11) Christopher G. Demetriou\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001 Christopher G. Demetriou\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(12) SuperH, Inc.\par
\par
Copyright 2002 SuperH, Inc. All rights reserved\par
\par
This software is the property of SuperH, Inc (SuperH) which specifically\par
grants the user the right to modify, use and distribute this software\par
provided this notice is not removed or altered.  All other rights are\par
reserved by SuperH.\par
\par
SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO\par
THIS SOFTWARE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL,\par
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM\par
THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
So that all may benefit from your experience, please report any problems\par
or suggestions about this software to the SuperH Support Center via\par
e-mail at softwaresupport@superh.com .\par
\par
SuperH, Inc.\par
405 River Oaks Parkway\par
San Jose\par
CA 95134\par
USA\par
\par
(13) Royal Institute of Technology\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999 Kungliga Tekniska H\u246ogskolan\par
(Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden).\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. Neither the name of KTH nor the names of its contributors may be\par
   used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
   specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY\par
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR\par
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR\par
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF\par
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(14) Alexey Zelkin\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000, 2001 Alexey Zelkin <phantom@FreeBSD.org>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(15) Andrey A. Chernov\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1997 by Andrey A. Chernov, Moscow, Russia.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(16) FreeBSD\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997-2002 FreeBSD Project.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(17) S. L. Moshier\par
\par
Author:  S. L. Moshier.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1984,2000 S.L. Moshier\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice\par
is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy\par
or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting\par
documentation for such software.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
WARRANTY.  IN PARTICULAR,  THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION\par
OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
(18) Citrus Project\par
\par
Copyright (c)1999 Citrus Project,\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(19) Todd C. Miller\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998 Todd C. Miller <Todd.Miller@courtesan.com>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY\par
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL\par
THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\par
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;\par
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR\par
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF\par
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(20) DJ Delorie (i386)\par
Copyright (C) 1991 DJ Delorie\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms is permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and following paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms.\par
\par
This file is distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied\par
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
(21) Free Software Foundation LGPL License (*-linux* targets only)\par
\par
   Copyright (C) 1990-1999, 2000, 2001    Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This file is part of the GNU C Library.\par
   Contributed by Mark Kettenis <kettenis@phys.uva.nl>, 1997.\par
\par
   The GNU C Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
   modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
   License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
   version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
   The GNU C Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
   Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
   License along with the GNU C Library; if not, write to the Free\par
   Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\par
   02110-1301 USA.\par
\par
(22) Xavier Leroy LGPL License (i[3456]86-*-linux* targets only)\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1996 Xavier Leroy (Xavier.Leroy@inria.fr)\par
\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License\par
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2\par
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU Library General Public License for more details.\par
\par
(23) Intel (i960)\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993 Intel Corporation\par
\par
Intel hereby grants you permission to copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software and its documentation.  Intel grants this permission provided\par
that the above copyright notice appears in all copies and that both the\par
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting\par
documentation.  In addition, Intel grants this permission provided that\par
you prominently mark as "not part of the original" any modifications\par
made to this software or documentation, and that the name of Intel\par
Corporation not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to\par
distribution of the software or the documentation without specific,\par
written prior permission.\par
\par
Intel Corporation provides this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY\par
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  Intel makes no guarantee or\par
representations regarding the use of, or the results of the use of,\par
the software and documentation in terms of correctness, accuracy,\par
reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and you rely on the software,\par
documentation and results solely at your own risk.\par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS,\par
LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
OF ANY KIND.  IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM\par
PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER.\par
\par
(24) Hewlett-Packard  (hppa targets only)\par
\par
(c) Copyright 1986 HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY\par
\par
To anyone who acknowledges that this file is provided "AS IS"\par
without any express or implied warranty:\par
    permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this file\par
for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that\par
the above copyright notice and this notice appears in all\par
copies, and that the name of Hewlett-Packard Company not be\par
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution\par
of the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
Hewlett-Packard Company makes no representations about the\par
suitability of this software for any purpose.\par
\par
(25) Henry Spencer (only *-linux targets)\par
\par
Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry Spencer.  All rights reserved.\par
This software is not subject to any license of the American Telephone\par
and Telegraph Company or of the Regents of the University of California.\par
\par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose on\par
any computer system, and to alter it and redistribute it, subject\par
to the following restrictions:\par
\par
1. The author is not responsible for the consequences of use of this\par
   software, no matter how awful, even if they arise from flaws in it.\par
\par
2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented, either by\par
   explicit claim or by omission.  Since few users ever read sources,\par
   credits must appear in the documentation.\par
\par
3. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
   misrepresented as being the original software.  Since few users\par
   ever read sources, credits must appear in the documentation.\par
\par
4. This notice may not be removed or altered.\par
\par
(26) Mike Barcroft\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2001 Mike Barcroft <mike@FreeBSD.org>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(27) Konstantin Chuguev (--enable-newlib-iconv)\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999, 2000\par
   Konstantin Chuguev.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
   iconv (Charset Conversion Library) v2.0\par
\par
(28) Artem Bityuckiy (--enable-newlib-iconv)\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2003, Artem B. Bityuckiy, SoftMine Corporation.\par
Rights transferred to Franklin Electronic Publishers.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(29) IBM, Sony, Toshiba (only spu-* targets)\par
\par
  (C) Copyright 2001,2006,\par
  International Business Machines Corporation,\par
  Sony Computer Entertainment, Incorporated,\par
  Toshiba Corporation,\par
\par
  All rights reserved.\par
\par
  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
    * Neither the names of the copyright holders nor the names of their\par
      contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
      software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
  AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
  IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
  ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
  LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
  CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
  SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
  INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
  CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
  ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
  POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(30) - Alex Tatmanjants (targets using libc/posix)\par
\par
  Copyright (c) 1995 Alex Tatmanjants <alex@elvisti.kiev.ua>\par
 		at Electronni Visti IA, Kiev, Ukraine.\par
 			All rights reserved.\par
 \par
  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
  are met:\par
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 \par
  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND\par
  ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
  IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
  ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE\par
  FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
  DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
  OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
  HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
  LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
  OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
  SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(31) - M. Warner Losh (targets using libc/posix)\par
\par
  Copyright (c) 1998, M. Warner Losh <imp@freebsd.org>\par
  All rights reserved.\par
 \par
  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
  are met:\par
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 \par
  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
  ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
  IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
  ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
  FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
  DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
  OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
  HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
  LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
  OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
  SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(32) - Andrey A. Chernov (targets using libc/posix)\par
\par
  Copyright (C) 1996 by Andrey A. Chernov, Moscow, Russia.\par
  All rights reserved.\par
 \par
  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
  are met:\par
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 \par
  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND\par
  ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
  IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
  ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
  FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
  DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
  OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
  HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
  LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
  OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
  SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(33) - Daniel Eischen (targets using libc/posix)\par
\par
  Copyright (c) 2001 Daniel Eischen <deischen@FreeBSD.org>.\par
  All rights reserved.\par
 \par
  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
  are met:\par
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 \par
  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
  ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
  IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
  ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
  FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
  DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
  OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
  HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
  LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
  OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
  SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
(34) - Jon Beniston (only lm32-* targets)\par
\par
 Contributed by Jon Beniston <jon@beniston.com>\par
\par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
 ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
 FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
 OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
 LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
 OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
(35) - ARM Ltd (arm and thumb variant targets only)\par
\par
 Copyright (c) 2009 ARM Ltd\par
 All rights reserved.\par
 \par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 3. The name of the company may not be used to endorse or promote\par
    products derived from this software without specific prior written\par
    permission.\par
\par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
 SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED\par
 TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
 PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
 LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
 NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
 SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(36) - Xilinx, Inc. (microblaze-* and powerpc-* targets)\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2004, 2009 Xilinx, Inc.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
met:\par
\par
1.  Redistributions source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2.  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3.  Neither the name of Xilinx nor the names of its contributors may be\par
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS\par
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED\par
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED\par
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
CONTENTS OF FILE "COPYING.ZOPE"\par
\par
With exception of certain parts that are prominently marked as being\par
in the Public Domain, BSD, or LGPL this Software is provided under the\par
Zope Public License (ZPL) Version 2.1.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2009, 2010 by the mingw-w64 project\par
\par
See the AUTHORS file for the list of contributors to the mingw-w64 project.\par
\par
This license has been certified as open source. It has also been designated\par
as GPL compatible by the Free Software Foundation (FSF).\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
   1. Redistributions in source code must retain the accompanying copyright\par
      notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.\par
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the accompanying\par
      copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer\par
      in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
      distribution.\par
   3. Names of the copyright holders must not be used to endorse or promote\par
      products derived from this software without prior written permission\par
      from the copyright holders.\par
   4. The right to distribute this software or to use it for any purpose does\par
      not give you the right to use Servicemarks (sm) or Trademarks (tm) of\par
      the copyright holders.  Use of them is covered by separate agreement\par
      with the copyright holders.\par
   5. If any files are modified, you must cause the modified files to carry\par
      prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of\par
      any change.\par
\par
Disclaimer\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO\par
EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, \par
OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,\par
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
CONTENTS OF FILE "COPYING.LIBGLOSS"\par
\par
The libgloss subdirectory is a collection of software from several sources.\par
\par
Each file may have its own copyright/license that is embedded in the source \par
file.  Unless otherwise noted in the body of the source file(s), the following copyright\par
notices will apply to the contents of the libgloss subdirectory:\par
\par
(1) Red Hat Incorporated\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994-2009  Red Hat, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
This copyrighted material is made available to anyone wishing to use, modify,\par
copy, or redistribute it subject to the terms and conditions of the BSD \par
License.   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, \par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY expressed or implied, including the implied warranties \par
of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  A copy of this license\par
is available at http://www.opensource.org/licenses. Any Red Hat trademarks that\par
are incorporated in the source code or documentation are not subject to the BSD\par
License and may only be used or replicated with the express permission of \par
Red Hat, Inc.\par
\par
(2) University of California, Berkeley\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1981-2000 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,\par
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, \par
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
      and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
    * Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors may\par
      be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
      specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" \par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED \par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. \par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, \par
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT \par
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR \par
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, \par
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) \par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY\par
OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(3) DJ Delorie\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 DJ Delorie\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms is permitted\par
provided that the above copyright notice and following paragraph are\par
duplicated in all such forms.\par
\par
This file is distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied\par
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
\par
(4) GPL (fr30 directory only)\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1998 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
Contributed by Cygnus Solutions.\par
\par
This file is part of GNU CC.\par
\par
GNU CC is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
any later version.\par
\par
GNU CC is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with GNU CC; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to\par
the Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor,\par
Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
(5) Advanced Micro Devices\par
\par
Copyright 1989, 1990 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.\par
\par
This software is the property of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc  (AMD)  which\par
specifically  grants the user the right to modify, use and distribute this\par
software provided this notice is not removed or altered.  All other rights\par
are reserved by AMD.\par
\par
AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS\par
SOFTWARE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR\par
USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
So that all may benefit from your experience, please report  any  problems\par
or  suggestions about this software to the 29K Technical Support Center at\par
800-29-29-AMD (800-292-9263) in the USA, or 0800-89-1131  in  the  UK,  or\par
0031-11-1129 in Japan, toll free.  The direct dial number is 512-462-4118.\par
\par
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.\par
29K Support Products\par
Mail Stop 573\par
5900 E. Ben White Blvd.\par
Austin, TX 78741\par
800-292-9263\par
\par
(6) Array Technology Corporation and MIPS (mips/lsi33k-stub.h)\par
 \par
COPYRIGHT (C) 1991, 1992 ARRAY TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION\par
              All Rights Reserved\par
\par
This software is confidential information which is proprietary to and\par
a trade secret of ARRAY Technology Corporation.  Use, duplication, or\par
disclosure is subject to the terms of a separate license agreement.\par
\par
Copyright 1985 by MIPS Computer Systems, Inc.\par
 \par
(7) University of Utah and the Computer Systems Laboratory (CSL)\par
    [applies only to hppa*-*-pro* targets]\par
Copyright (c) 1990,1994 The University of Utah and\par
the Computer Systems Laboratory (CSL).  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute this software is hereby\par
granted provided that (1) source code retains these copyright, permission,\par
and disclaimer notices, and (2) redistributions including binaries\par
reproduce the notices in supporting documentation, and (3) all advertising\par
materials mentioning features or use of this software display the following\par
acknowledgement: "This product includes software developed by the\par
Computer Systems Laboratory at the University of Utah.''\par
\par
THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH AND CSL ALLOW FREE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE IN ITS "AS\par
IS" CONDITION.  THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH AND CSL DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY OF\par
ANY KIND FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
CSL requests users of this software to return to csl-dist@cs.utah.edu any\par
improvements that they make and grant CSL redistribution rights.\par
\par
(8) Sun Microsystems\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Developed at SunPro, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software is freely granted, provided that this notice is preserved.\par
\par
(9) Hewlett Packard\par
\par
(c) Copyright 1986 HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY\par
\par
To anyone who acknowledges that this file is provided "AS IS"\par
without any express or implied warranty:\par
\par
permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this file\par
for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that\par
the above copyright notice and this notice appears in all\par
copies, and that the name of Hewlett-Packard Company not be\par
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution\par
of the software without specific, written prior permission.\par
Hewlett-Packard Company makes no representations about the\par
suitability of this software for any purpose.\par
\par
(10) Hans-Peter Nilsson\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2001 Hans-Peter Nilsson\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software is\par
freely granted, provided that the above copyright notice, this notice\par
and the following disclaimer are preserved with no changes.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE.\par
\par
(11) IBM Corp. spu processor (only spu-* targets)\par
\par
(C) Copyright IBM Corp. 2005, 2006\par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
    * Neither the name of IBM nor the names of its contributors may be\par
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE\par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(12) Jon Beniston (only lm32-* targets)\par
\par
 Contributed by Jon Beniston <jon@beniston.com>\par
 \par
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 are met:\par
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 \par
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
 ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
 FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
 OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
 LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
 OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
(13) - Xilinx, Inc. (microblaze-* and powerpc-* targets)\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2004, 2009 Xilinx, Inc.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
met:\par
\par
1.  Redistributions source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2.  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3.  Neither the name of Xilinx nor the names of its contributors may be\par
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS\par
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED\par
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED\par
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Minizip\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
   Version 1.1, February 14th, 2010\par
	sample part of the MiniZip project - ( 	http://www.winimage.com/zLibDll/minizip.html )\par
\par
	Copyright (C) 1998-2010 Gilles Vollant (minizip)	(http://www.winimage.com/zLibDll/minizip.html )\par
\par
	Modifications of Unzip for Zip64\par
	Copyright (C) 2007-2008 Even Rouault\par
\par
	Modifications for Zip64 support on both zip and unzip\par
	Copyright (C) 2009-2010 Mathias Svensson ( http://result42.com )\par
\par
   This unzip package allow extract file from .ZIP file, compatible with PKZip 2.04g\par
     WinZip, InfoZip tools and compatible.\par
\par
   Multi volume ZipFile (span) are not supported.\par
   Encryption compatible with pkzip 2.04g only supported\par
   Old compressions used by old PKZip 1.x are not supported\par
\par
\par
   I WAIT FEEDBACK at mail info@winimage.com\par
   Visit also http://www.winimage.com/zLibDll/unzip.htm for evolution\par
\par
   Condition of use and distribution are the same than zlib :\par
\par
  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied\par
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages\par
  arising from the use of this software.\par
\par
  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\par
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it\par
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
\par
  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not\par
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software\par
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be\par
     appreciated but is not required.\par
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
     misrepresented as being the original software.\par
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
\par
**************************************************************************************************/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
  Additional tools for Minizip\par
  Code: Xavier Roche '2004\par
  License: Same as ZLIB (www.gzip.org)\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
MLPart\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
/**************************************************************************\par
***    \par
*** Copyright (c) 1995-2000 Regents of the University of California,\par
***               Andrew E. Caldwell, Andrew B. Kahng and Igor L. Markov\par
*** Copyright (c) 2000-2007 Regents of the University of Michigan,\par
***               Saurabh N. Adya, Jarrod A. Roy, David A. Papa and\par
***               Igor L. Markov\par
***\par
***  Contact author(s): abk@cs.ucsd.edu, imarkov@umich.edu\par
***  Original Affiliation:   UCLA, Computer Science Department,\par
***                          Los Angeles, CA 90095-1596 USA\par
***\par
***  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining \par
***  a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
***  "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
***  without limitation \par
***  the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, \par
***  and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the \par
***  Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
***\par
***  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included\par
***  in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
***\par
*** THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, \par
*** EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES\par
*** OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. \par
*** IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
*** CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT\par
*** OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR\par
*** THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
***\par
***\par
***************************************************************************/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* A Bison parser, made by GNU Bison 2.0.  */\par
/* Skeleton parser for Yacc-like parsing with Bison,\par
   Copyright (C) 1984, 1989, 1990, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
   This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
   it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
   the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)\par
   any later version.\par
   This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
   GNU General Public License for more details.\par
   You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
   along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
   Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330,\par
   Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.  */\par
/* As a special exception, when this file is copied by Bison into a\par
   Bison output file, you may use that output file without restriction.\par
   This special exception was added by the Free Software Foundation\par
   in version 1.24 of Bison.  */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
The following software is derived from the RSA Data\par
 Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm.  Accordingly,\par
 the following copyright notice is reproduced, and applies to\par
 such parts of this file which are copied from RSA's source code.\par
 All other parts of the file are copyright 1998 ABKGroup and\par
 the Regents of the University of California.\par
*/\par
/* Copyright (C) 1991-2, RSA Data Security, Inc. Created 1991. All\par
rights reserved.\par
License to copy and use this software is granted provided that it\par
is identified as the "RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest\par
Algorithm" in all material mentioning or referencing this software\par
or this function.\par
License is also granted to make and use derivative works provided\par
that such works are identified as "derived from the RSA Data\par
Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material\par
mentioning or referencing the derived work.\par
RSA Data Security, Inc. makes no representations concerning either\par
the merchantability of this software or the suitability of this\par
software for any particular purpose. It is provided "as is"\par
without express or implied warranty of any kind.\par
These notices must be retained in any copies of any part of this\par
documentation and/or software.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Ken Clarkson.  Copyright (c) 1996 by AT&T.\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any\par
 * purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice\par
 * is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy\par
 * or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting\par
 * documentation for such software.\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTY.  IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHORS NOR AT&T MAKE ANY\par
 * REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY\par
 * OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (c) 1996\par
 * Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, Inc.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
 * and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
 * that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
 * in supporting documentation.  Silicon Graphics makes no\par
 * representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
 * purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
 *\par
* Copyright (c) 1997\par
 * Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, Inc.\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
 * and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
 * that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
 * in supporting documentation.  Silicon Graphics makes no\par
 * representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
 * purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
 *\par
 *\par
 * Copyright (c) 1994\par
 * Hewlett-Packard Company\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
 * and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
 * that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
 * in supporting documentation.  Hewlett-Packard Company makes no\par
 * representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
 * purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
 *\par
 * Copyright (c) 1997\par
 * Moscow Center for SPARC Technology\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
 * and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
 * that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
 * in supporting documentation.  Moscow Center for SPARC Technology makes no\par
 * representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
 * purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
 *\par
 */\par
*\par
 * Adaptation:\par
 * Copyright (c) 1997\par
 * Moscow Center for SPARC Technology\par
 *\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
 * and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
 * provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
 * that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
 * in supporting documentation.  Moscow Center for SPARC Technology makes no\par
 * representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
 * purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
MNG Library (libmng)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
COPYRIGHT NOTICE:                                                      \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000 Gerard Juyn (gerard@libmng.com)                     \par
[You may insert additional notices after this sentence if you modify this source]                                                          \par
\par
For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Contributing Authors" is defined as the following set of individuals: Gerard Juyn                                                      \par
\par
The MNG Library is supplied "AS IS".  The Contributing Authors disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability and of fitness for any purpose.  The Contributing Authors assume no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages, which may result from the use of the MNG Library, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.                                       \par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this source code, or portions hereof, for any purpose, without fee, subject to the following restrictions:                                         \par
\par
1. The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software.           \par
\par
2. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented as being the original source.                        \par
\par
3. This Copyright notice may not be removed or altered from any source or altered source distribution.                                    \par
\par
The Contributing Authors specifically permit, without fee, and encourage the use of this source code as a component to supporting the MNG and JNG file format in commercial products.  If you use this source code in a product, acknowledgment would be highly appreciated.  \par
\par
**************************************************\par
\par
Parts of this software have been adapted from the libpng package.      \par
Although this library supports all features from the PNG specification (as MNG descends from it) it does not require the libpng package.      \par
It does require the zlib library and optionally the IJG jpeg library, and/or the "little-cms" library by Marti Maria (depending on the inclusion of support for JNG and Full-Color-Management respectively. \par
\par
This library's function is primarily to read and display MNG animations. It is not meant as a full-featured image-editing component! It does however offer creation and editing functionality at the chunk level.                                                 \par
\par
(future modifications may include some more support for creation and or editing)                                                       \par
\par
**************************************************\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
MPFR\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
Contributed by the Arenaire and Cacao projects, INRIA.\par
\par
This file is part of the GNU MPFR Library.\par
\par
The GNU MPFR Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or (at your\par
option) any later version.\par
\par
The GNU MPFR Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY\par
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License\par
along with the GNU MPFR Library; see the file COPYING.LESSER.  If not, see\par
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/ or write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,\par
51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
MPIR\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright 2006, 2007, 2009, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
Copyright 2010 William Hart\par
\par
This file is part of the MPIR Library.\par
\par
The MPIR Library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or (at your\par
option) any later version.\par
\par
The MPIR Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY\par
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License\par
along with the MPIR Library.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.\par
\par
#######################################\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* mpn_dc_bdiv_q_n -- binary division, producing quotient and overflow,\par
                        divide-and-conquer algorithm\par
Copyright (C) 2009, David Harvey\par
Copyright (C) 2010, William Hart.\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS''\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* mpn_mulmid_basecase -- classical middle product algorithm\par
Copyright (C) 2009, David Harvey\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS''\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* mpn_sub_err2_n -- sub_n with two error terms\par
Copyright (C) 2009, David Harvey\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS''\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* mpn_add_err2_n -- add_n with two error terms\par
Copyright (C) 2009, David Harvey\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS''\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* dc_divappr_q - middle-product-based divide and conquer approximate quotient\par
Copyright (C) 2009, David Harvey\par
Copyright (C) 2009, William Hart\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS''\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
/*\par
   N.B: this implementation of approximate quotient is derived from original\par
   ideas and code of David Harvey, however all bug reports should be directed \par
   to the MPIR developers, who are responsible for its current incarnation.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* mpn_toom42_mulmid -- toom42 middle product\par
Copyright (C) 2009, David Harvey\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS''\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* mpn_add_err1_n -- add_n with single error term\par
Copyright (C) 2009, David Harvey\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS''\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* mpn_mulmid -- middle product\par
Copyright (C) 2009, David Harvey\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS''\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* mpn_mulmid_n -- balanced middle product\par
Copyright (C) 2009, David Harvey\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS''\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* mpn_sub_err1_n -- sub_n with single error term\par
Copyright (C) 2009, David Harvey\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS''\par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*/\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Nlview\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (c) 1992, 1993 \par
 *    The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 *\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
 *    must display the following acknowledgement:\par
 *    This product includes software developed by the University of\par
 *    California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
 * 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
 *    without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 * SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 */\par
 \par
/*\par
 * Copyright (c) 1987-1993 The Regents of the University of California.\par
 * Copyright (c) 1994-1998 Sun Microsystems, Inc.\par
This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of\par
California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., Scriptics Corporation,\par
and other parties.  The following terms apply to all files associated\par
with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files.\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,\par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.\par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors\par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that\par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where\par
they apply.\par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY\par
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY\par
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE\par
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE\par
NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR\par
MODIFICATIONS.\par
\par
GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the\par
U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights"\par
in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal \par
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you\par
are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the\par
software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the\par
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause\par
252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the\par
authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf\par
permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the\par
terms specified in this license.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
omega (AESL)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
    Copyright (C) 1994-1996 by the Omega Project\par
\par
    All rights reserved.\par
\par
    NOTICE:  This software is provided ``as is'', without any\par
    warranty, including any implied warranty for merchantability or\par
    fitness for a particular purpose.  Under no circumstances shall\par
    the Omega Project or its agents be liable for any use of, misuse\par
    of, or inability to use this software, including incidental and\par
    consequential damages.\par
\par
    License is hereby given to use, modify, and redistribute this\par
    software, in whole or in part, for any purpose, commercial or\par
    non-commercial, provided that the user agrees to the terms of this\par
    copyright notice, including disclaimer of warranty, and provided\par
    that this copyright notice, including disclaimer of warranty, is\par
    preserved in the source code and documentation of anything derived\par
    from this software.  Any redistributor of this software or\par
    anything derived from this software assumes responsibility for\par
    ensuring that any parties to whom such a redistribution is made\par
    are fully aware of the terms of this license and disclaimer.\par
\par
    The Omega project can be contacted at omega@cs.umd.edu\par
    or http://www.cs.umd.edu/projects/omega\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Opencores OR1200\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\par
// Copyright (c) 2008 Xilinx, Inc.  All rights reserved.\par
//\par
//                 XILINX CONFIDENTIAL PROPERTY\par
// This   document  contains  proprietary information  which   is\par
// protected by  copyright. All rights  are reserved.  This notice\par
// refers to original work by Xilinx, Inc. which may be derivative\par
// of other work distributed under license of the authors.  In the\par
// case of derivative work, nothing in this notice overrides the\par
// original author's license agreement.  Where applicable, the \par
// original license agreement is included in its original \par
// unmodified form immediately below this header.\par
//\par
// Xilinx, Inc.\par
// XILINX IS PROVIDING THIS DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION "AS IS" AS A\par
// COURTESY TO YOU.  BY PROVIDING THIS DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION AS\par
// ONE POSSIBLE   IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS FEATURE, APPLICATION OR\par
// STANDARD, XILINX IS MAKING NO REPRESENTATION THAT THIS IMPLEMENTATION\par
// IS FREE FROM ANY CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT, AND YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE\par
// FOR OBTAINING ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY REQUIRE FOR YOUR IMPLEMENTATION.\par
// XILINX EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO\par
// THE ADEQUACY OF THE IMPLEMENTATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO\par
// ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS THAT THIS IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE\par
// FROM CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY\par
// AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
//\par
///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\par
\par
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\par
////                                                              ////\par
//// Copyright (C) 2000 Authors and OPENCORES.ORG                 ////\par
////                                                              ////\par
//// This source file may be used and distributed without         ////\par
//// restriction provided that this copyright statement is not    ////\par
//// removed from the file and that any derivative work contains  ////\par
//// the original copyright notice and the associated disclaimer. ////\par
////                                                              ////\par
//// This source file is free software; you can redistribute it   ////\par
//// and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General   ////\par
//// Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; ////\par
//// either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any   ////\par
//// later version.                                               ////\par
////                                                              ////\par
//// This source is distributed in the hope that it will be       ////\par
//// useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied   ////\par
//// warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR      ////\par
//// PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more ////\par
//// details.                                                     ////\par
////                                                              ////\par
//// You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General    ////\par
//// Public License along with this source; if not, download it   ////\par
//// from http://www.opencores.org/lgpl.shtml                     ////\par
////                                                              ////\par
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Opencores USB\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\par
// Copyright (c) 2008 Xilinx, Inc.  All rights reserved.\par
//\par
//                 XILINX CONFIDENTIAL PROPERTY\par
// This   document  contains  proprietary information  which   is\par
// protected by  copyright. All rights  are reserved.  This notice\par
// refers to original work by Xilinx, Inc. which may be derivative\par
// of other work distributed under license of the authors.  In the\par
// case of derivative work, nothing in this notice overrides the\par
// original author's license agreement.  Where applicable, the \par
// original license agreement is included in its original \par
// unmodified form immediately below this header.\par
//\par
// Xilinx, Inc.\par
// XILINX IS PROVIDING THIS DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION "AS IS" AS A\par
// COURTESY TO YOU.  BY PROVIDING THIS DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION AS\par
// ONE POSSIBLE   IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS FEATURE, APPLICATION OR\par
// STANDARD, XILINX IS MAKING NO REPRESENTATION THAT THIS IMPLEMENTATION\par
// IS FREE FROM ANY CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT, AND YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE\par
// FOR OBTAINING ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY REQUIRE FOR YOUR IMPLEMENTATION.\par
// XILINX EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO\par
// THE ADEQUACY OF THE IMPLEMENTATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO\par
// ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS THAT THIS IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE\par
// FROM CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY\par
// AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
//\par
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\par
\par
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\par
////                                                             ////\par
//// Copyright (C) 2000-2003 Rudolf Usselmann                    ////\par
////                         www.asics.ws                        ////\par
////                         rudi@asics.ws                       ////\par
////                                                             ////\par
//// This source file may be used and distributed without        ////\par
//// restriction provided that this copyright statement is not   ////\par
//// removed from the file and that any derivative work contains ////\par
//// the original copyright notice and the associated disclaimer.////\par
////                                                             ////\par
////     THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY     ////\par
//// EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED   ////\par
//// TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS   ////\par
//// FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR      ////\par
//// OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,         ////\par
//// INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES    ////\par
//// (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE   ////\par
//// GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR        ////\par
//// BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF  ////\par
//// LIABILITY, WHETHER IN  CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT  ////\par
//// (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT  ////\par
//// OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE         ////\par
//// POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.                                 ////\par
////                                                             ////\par
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Opencores wishbone connection matrix\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\par
// Copyright (c) 2008 Xilinx, Inc.  All rights reserved.\par
//\par
//                 XILINX CONFIDENTIAL PROPERTY\par
// This   document  contains  proprietary information  which   is\par
// protected by  copyright. All rights  are reserved.  This notice\par
// refers to original work by Xilinx, Inc. which may be derivative\par
// of other work distributed under license of the authors.  In the\par
// case of derivative work, nothing in this notice overrides the\par
// original author's license agreement.  Where applicable, the \par
// original license agreement is included in its original \par
// unmodified form immediately below this header.\par
//\par
// Xilinx, Inc.\par
// XILINX IS PROVIDING THIS DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION "AS IS" AS A\par
// COURTESY TO YOU.  BY PROVIDING THIS DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION AS\par
// ONE POSSIBLE   IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS FEATURE, APPLICATION OR\par
// STANDARD, XILINX IS MAKING NO REPRESENTATION THAT THIS IMPLEMENTATION\par
// IS FREE FROM ANY CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT, AND YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE\par
// FOR OBTAINING ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY REQUIRE FOR YOUR IMPLEMENTATION.\par
// XILINX EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO\par
// THE ADEQUACY OF THE IMPLEMENTATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO\par
// ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS THAT THIS IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE\par
// FROM CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY\par
// AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
//\par
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\par
\par
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\par
////                                                             ////\par
//// Copyright (C) 2000-2002 Rudolf Usselmann                    ////\par
////                         www.asics.ws                        ////\par
////                         rudi@asics.ws                       ////\par
////                                                             ////\par
//// This source file may be used and distributed without        ////\par
//// restriction provided that this copyright statement is not   ////\par
//// removed from the file and that any derivative work contains ////\par
//// the original copyright notice and the associated disclaimer.////\par
////                                                             ////\par
////     THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY     ////\par
//// EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED   ////\par
//// TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS   ////\par
//// FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR      ////\par
//// OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,         ////\par
//// INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES    ////\par
//// (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE   ////\par
//// GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR        ////\par
//// BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF  ////\par
//// LIABILITY, WHETHER IN  CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT  ////\par
//// (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT  ////\par
//// OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE         ////\par
//// POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.                                 ////\par
////                                                             ////\par
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
OpenSSL\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
OpenSSL License\par
---------------\par
Copyright (c) 1998-2011 The OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
distribution.\par
\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"\par
\par
4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.\par
\par
5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL" nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written permission of the OpenSSL Project.\par
\par
6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
====================================================================\par
\par
This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).  This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).\par
 \par
Original SSLeay License\par
-----------------------\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)\par
All rights reserved. \par
\par
This package is an SSL implementation written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.\par
\par
This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as the following conditions are aheared to.  The following conditions apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA, lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code.  The SSL documentation included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).\par
 \par
Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in the code are not to be removed. If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution as the author of the parts of the library used.\par
This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement: "This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)" The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library being used are not cryptographic related :-).\par
\par
4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from the apps directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement: "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
The licence and distribution terms for any publically available version or derivative of this code cannot be changed.  i.e. this code cannot simply be copied and put under another distribution licence [including the GNU Public Licence.]\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
parsetcl.dtx\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., Scriptics Corporation, and other parties. The following terms apply to all files associated with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files. \par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where they apply. \par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS. \par
\par
GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2). If you are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause 252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the terms specified in this license. \par
\par
Copyright (c) 2003 Lars Hellstr\"om\par
\par
It is preferred that you apply the distribution and modification conditions of the LaTeX Project Public License (LPPL) for this file, but you may alternatively choose to apply BSD/Tcl-style license conditions (either is OK). The latest version of the LPPL is in http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt and version 1.2 or later is part of all distributions of LaTeX version 1999/12/01 or later.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Pthreads_win32\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (C) 2001,2006 Ross P. Johnson\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Pthreads-win32 is covered by the GNU Lesser General Public License\par
\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
Copyright(C) 1998 John E. Bossom\par
Copyright(C) 1999, 2005 Pthreads-win32\par
contributors Contact Email: rpj@callisto.canberra.edu.au The current list of\par
contributors is contained in the file CONTRIBUTORS included with the source code\par
distribution. The list can also be seen at the following World Wide Web\par
location: http://sources.redhat.com/pthreads-win32/contributors.html\par
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the\par
terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software\par
Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later\par
version. This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for\par
more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License along with this library in the file COPYING.LIB; if not, write to the\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA\par
02111-1307, USA\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1985-1997, Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
rtx\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The text of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
RXTX License v 2.1 - LGPL v 2.1 + Linking Over Controlled Interface.\par
RXTX is a native interface to serial ports in java.\par
\par
Copyright 1997-2007 by Trent Jarvi tjarvi@qbang.org and others who\par
actually wrote it.  See individual source files for more information.\par
\par
A copy of the LGPL v 2.1 may be found at\par
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.txt on March 4th 2007.  A copy is\par
included below for your convenience.\par
\par
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
\par
An executable that contains no derivative of any portion of RXTX, but\par
is designed to work with RXTX by being dynamically linked with it,\par
is considered a "work that uses the Library" subject to the terms and\par
conditions of the GNU Lesser General Public License.\par
\par
The following has been added to the RXTX License to remove\par
any confusion about linking to RXTX.   We want to allow in part what\par
section 5, paragraph 2 of the LGPL does not permit in the special\par
case of linking over a controlled interface.  The intent is to add a\par
Java Specification Request or standards body defined interface in the \par
future as another exception but one is not currently available.\par
\par
http://www.fsf.org/licenses/gpl-faq.html#LinkingOverControlledInterface\par
\par
As a special exception, the copyright holders of RXTX give you\par
permission to link RXTX with independent modules that communicate with\par
RXTX solely through the Sun Microsytems CommAPI interface version 2,\par
regardless of the license terms of these independent modules, and to copy\par
and distribute the resulting combined work under terms of your choice,\par
provided that every copy of the combined work is accompanied by a complete\par
copy of the source code of RXTX (the version of RXTX used to produce the\par
combined work), being distributed under the terms of the GNU Lesser General\par
Public License plus this exception.  An independent module is a\par
module which is not derived from or based on RXTX.\par
\par
Note that people who make modified versions of RXTX are not obligated\par
to grant this special exception for their modified versions; it is\par
their choice whether to do so.  The GNU Lesser General Public License\par
gives permission to release a modified version without this exception; this\par
exception also makes it possible to release a modified version which\par
carries forward this exception.\par
\par
#######################################\par
FILE: ./plugins/gnu.io.rxtx.source_2.1.7.4_v20071016/about.html\par
#######################################\par
About This Content\par
June 5, 2007\par
License\par
\par
The Eclipse Foundation makes available all content in this plug-in "Content".  Unless otherwise \par
indicated below, the Content is provided to you under the terms and conditions of the\par
Eclipse Public License Version 1.0 "EPL".  A copy of the EPL is available \par
at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.\par
For purposes of the EPL, "Program" will mean the Content.\par
\par
If you did not receive this Content directly from the Eclipse Foundation, the Content is \par
being redistributed by another party "Redistributor" and different terms and conditions may\par
apply to your use of any object code in the Content.  Check the Redistributor's license that was \par
provided with the Content.  If no such license exists, contact the Redistributor.  Unless otherwise\par
indicated below, the terms and conditions of the EPL still apply to any source code in the Content\par
and such source code may be obtained at http://www.eclipse.org.\par
\par
Source Code\par
\par
This plug-in contains source code zip files ("Source Zips") that correspond to binary content\par
in other plug-ins. These Source Zips may be distributed under different license agreements and/or notices.\par
Details about these license agreements and notices are contained in "about.html" files ("Abouts") located\par
in sub-directories in the src/ directory of this plug-in. Such Abouts govern your use of the Source Zips\par
in that directory, not the EPL. \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
SDC\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
SYNOPSYS Open Source\par
SDC License Agreement\par
\par
THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS SYNOPSYS OPEN SOURCE LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.\par
\par
1. DEFINITIONS \par
"Contribution" means: \par
\par
a) in the case of Synopsys, Inc., ("Synopsys"), the Original Program, and\par
b) in the case of each Contributor,\par
i) changes to the Program, and\par
ii) additions to the Program;\par
\par
where such changes and/or additions to the Program originate from and are distributed by that particular Contributor. A Contribution 'originates' from a Contributor if it was made by such Contributor itself or anyone acting on such Contributor's behalf. Contributions do not include additions to the Program which: (i) are separate modules of software distributed in conjunction with the Program under their own license agreement, and (ii) are not derivative works of the Program.\par
\par
"Contributor" means Synopsys and any other entity that distributes the Program.\par
\par
"Licensed Patents " mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor that are necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or when combined with the Program. A Licensed Patent only includes claims directed towards a data structure, algorithm, technique or method that is directly implemented by the Contribution alone or by the Contribution combined with the Program existing at the time the Contribution is made.\par
\par
"Original Program" means the original version of the SDC format specification and reference implementation accompanying this Agreement as released by Synopsys, including source code, object code and documentation, if any.\par
\par
"Program" means the Original Program and other Contributions.\par
\par
"Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this Agreement, including all Contributors.\par
\par
2. GRANT OF RIGHTS \par
a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, distribute and sublicense the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, and such derivative works, in source code and object code form.\par
\par
b) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under that Contributor's Licensed Patents to make, use, sell, offer to sell, import and otherwise transfer the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, in source code and object code form. This patent license shall apply to the combination of the Contribution and the Program if, at the time the Contribution is added by the Contributor, such addition of the Contribution causes such combination to be covered by the Licensed Patents. The scope of a Contributor's Licensed Patents shall be limited solely to the extent of that Contributor's Contribution. The patent license shall not apply to any other combinations that include the Contribution.\par
\par
c) Recipient understands that although each Contributor grants the licenses to its Contributions set forth herein, no assurances are provided by any Contributor that the Program does not infringe the patent or other intellectual property rights of any other entity. Each Contributor disclaims any liability to Recipient for claims brought by any other entity based on infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise. As a condition to exercising the rights and licenses granted hereunder, each Recipient hereby assumes sole responsibility to secure any other intellectual property rights needed, if any. For example, if a third party patent license is required to allow Recipient to distribute the Program, it is Recipient's responsibility to acquire that license before distributing the Program.\par
\par
d) Each Contributor represents that to its knowledge it has sufficient copyright rights in its Contribution, if any, to grant the copyright license set forth in this Agreement.\par
\par
3. REQUIREMENTS \par
A Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form under its own license agreement, provided that:\par
\par
a) it complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and\par
\par
b) its license agreement:\par
\par
i) effectively disclaims on behalf of all Contributors all warranties and conditions, express and implied, including warranties or conditions of title and non-infringement, and implied warranties or conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose;\par
\par
ii) effectively excludes on behalf of all Contributors all liability for damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental and consequential damages, such as lost profits;\par
\par
iii) states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement are offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other party; and\par
\par
iv) states that source code for the Program is available from such Contributor, and informs licensees how to obtain it in a reasonable manner on or through a medium customarily used for software exchange.\par
\par
When the Program is made available in source code form:\par
\par
a) it must be made available under this Agreement; and\par
\par
b) a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the Program.\par
\par
Each Contributor must include the following in a conspicuous location in the Program:\par
\par
Copyright \u169C {date here}, Synopsys, Inc. and others. All Rights reserved.\par
\par
In addition, each Contributor must identify itself as the originator of its Contribution, if any, in a manner that reasonably allows subsequent Recipients to identify the originator of the Contribution.\par
\par
4. COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION \par
Commercial distributors of software may accept certain responsibilities with respect to end users, business partners and the like. While this license is intended to facilitate the commercial use of the Program, the Contributor who includes the Program in a commercial product offering should do so in a manner which does not create potential liability for other Contributors. Therefore, if a Contributor includes the Program in a commercial product offering, such Contributor ("Commercial Contributor") hereby agrees to defend and indemnify every other Contributor ("Indemnified Contributor") against any losses, damages and costs (collectively "Losses") arising from claims, lawsuits and other legal actions brought by a third party against the Indemnified Contributor to the extent caused by the acts or omissions of such Commercial Contributor in connection with its distribution of the Program in a commercial product offering. The obligations in this section do not apply to any claims or Losses relating to any actual or alleged intellectual property infringement. In order to qualify, an Indemnified Contributor must: a) promptly notify the Commercial Contributor in writing of such claim, and b) allow the Commercial Contributor to control, and cooperate with the Commercial Contributor in, the defense and any related settlement negotiations. The Indemnified Contributor may participate in any such claim at its own expense. \par
\par
For example, a Contributor might include the Program in a commercial product offering, Product X. That Contributor is then a Commercial Contributor. If that Commercial Contributor then makes performance claims, or offers warranties related to Product X, those performance claims and warranties are such Commercial Contributor's responsibility alone. Under this section, the Commercial Contributor would have to defend claims against the other Contributors related to those performance claims and warranties, and if a court requires any other Contributor to pay any damages as a result, the Commercial Contributor must pay those damages.\par
\par
5. NO WARRANTY \par
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each Recipient is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and distributing the Program and assumes all risks associated with its exercise of rights under this Agreement, including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and unavailability or interruption of operations.\par
\par
6. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY \par
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\par
\par
7. GENERAL \par
If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms of this Agreement, and without further action by the parties hereto, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable.\par
\par
If Recipient institutes patent litigation against a Contributor with respect to a patent applicable to software (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit), then any patent licenses granted by that Contributor to such Recipient under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed. In addition, If Recipient institutes patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Program itself (excluding combinations of the Program with other software or hardware) infringes such Recipient's patent(s), then such Recipient's rights granted under Section 2(b) shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.\par
\par
All Recipient's rights under this Agreement shall terminate if it fails to comply with any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and does not cure such failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming aware of such noncompliance. If all Recipient's rights under this Agreement terminate, Recipient agrees to cease use and distribution of the Program as soon as reasonably practicable. However, Recipient's obligations under this Agreement and any licenses granted by Recipient relating to the Program shall continue and survive.\par
\par
Synopsys may publish new versions (including revisions) of this Agreement from time to time. Each new version of the Agreement will be given a distinguishing version number. The Program (including Contributions) may always be distributed subject to the version of the Agreement under which it was received. In addition, after a new version of the Agreement is published, Contributor may elect to distribute the Program (including its Contributions) under the new version. No one other than Synopsys has the right to modify this Agreement. Except as expressly stated in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, Recipient receives no rights or licenses to the intellectual property of any Contributor under this Agreement, whether expressly, by implication, estoppel or otherwise. All rights in the Program not expressly granted under this Agreement are reserved.\par
\par
This Agreement is governed by the laws of California, without reference to conflict of laws principles. Each party waives its rights to a jury trial in any resulting litigation.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Softfloat (part of the Testfloat software distribution)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
This C source file is part of TestFloat, Release 2a, a package of programs for testing the correctness of floating-point arithmetic complying to the IEC/IEEE Standard for Floating-Point.\par
\par
Written by John R. Hauser.  More information is available through the Web page `http://HTTP.CS.Berkeley.EDU/~jhauser/arithmetic/TestFloat.html'.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS DISTRIBUTED AS IS, FOR FREE.  Although reasonable effort has been made to avoid it, THIS SOFTWARE MAY CONTAIN FAULTS THAT WILL AT TIMES RESULT IN INCORRECT BEHAVIOR. USE OF THIS SOFTWARE IS RESTRICTED TO PERSONS AND ORGANIZATIONS WHO CAN AND WILL TAKE FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY AND ALL LOSSES, COSTS, OR OTHER PROBLEMS ARISING FROM ITS USE.\par
\par
Derivative works are acceptable, even for commercial purposes, so long as (1) they include prominent notice that the work is derivative, and (2) they include prominent notice akin to these four paragraphs for those parts of this code that are retained.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Software from University of Minnesota\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright 1998, 2007 The Regents of the University of Minnesota.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA ("REGENTS") AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
This software contains proprietary information of the Regents and any further distribution, decompiling, unlocking, reverse engineering, disassembling, of the software is prohibited.   \par
\par
Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Sparse Hash (AESL)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (c) 2005, Google Inc. \par
All rights reserved.  \par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
      * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
     * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
     * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.  \par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
sqlite (AESL)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
All of the deliverable code in SQLite has been dedicated to the public domain by the authors. All code authors, and representatives of the companies they work for, have signed affidavits dedicating their contributions to the public domain and originals of those signed affidavits are stored in a firesafe at the main offices of Hwaci. Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or distribute the original SQLite code, either in source code form or as a compiled binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any means.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
STLPort v5.1 and 5.1.5\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright 1999,2000 Boris Fomitchev\par
\par
This material is provided "as is", with absolutely no warranty expressed or implied. Any use is at your own risk.\par
\par
Permission to use or copy this software for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided the above notices are retained on all copies. Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted, provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was modified is included with the above copyright notice. \par
\par
Copyright 1994 Hewlett-Packard Company\par
Copyright 1996,97 Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, Inc.\par
Copyright 1997 Moscow Center for SPARC Technology.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation. Hewlett-Packard Company makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation. Silicon Graphics makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation. Moscow Center for SPARC Technology  makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
STLPort v5.2.1\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
This software is being distributed under the following terms:\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994\par
Hewlett-Packard Company\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996-1999\par
Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, Inc.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997\par
Moscow Center for SPARC Technology\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999-2003\par
Boris Fomitchev\par
\par
This material is provided "as is", with absolutely no warranty expressed or implied. Any use is at your own risk.\par
\par
Permission to use or copy this software for any purpose is hereby granted  without fee, provided the above notices are retained on all copies. Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted, provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
stringTemplate\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
[The BSD License]\par
Copyright (c) 2008, Terence Parr\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
    * Neither the name of the author nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Salamander SVG\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The Salamander Project - 2D and 3D graphics libraries in Java \par
Copyright (c) 2004, Mark McKay\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
\par
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
\par
Neither the name of Mark McKay nor the names of his contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
Other files (listed below) provided with The Salamander Project are:\par
* Copyright (C) The Apache Software Foundation. All rights reserved.        *\par
* ------------------------------------------------------------------------- *\par
* This software is published under the terms of the Apache Software License *\par
* version 1.1, as follows.                                                         *\par
\par
/* ====================================================================\par
* The Apache Software License, Version 1.1\par
*\par
* Copyright (c) 2000 The Apache Software Foundation.  All rights\par
* reserved.\par
*\par
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
* are met:\par
*\par
* 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
*    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
*\par
* 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
*    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
*    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
*    distribution.\par
*\par
* 3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,\par
*    if any, must include the following acknowledgment:\par
*       "This product includes software developed by the\par
*        Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."\par
*    Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,\par
*    if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.\par
*\par
* 4. The names "Apache" and "Apache Software Foundation" must\par
*    not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
*    software without prior written permission. For written\par
*    permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
*\par
* 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache",\par
*    nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without prior written\par
*    permission of the Apache Software Foundation.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED\par
* WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
* OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
* DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR\par
* ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
* SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
* LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF\par
* USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND\par
* ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
* OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT\par
* OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
* SUCH DAMAGE.\par
* ====================================================================\par
*\par
* This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many\par
* individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more\par
* information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see\par
* <http://www.apache.org/>.\par
*\par
* Portions of this software are based upon public domain software\par
* originally written at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications,\par
* University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign.\par
*/\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
SwingX\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
\par
* Copyright 2004-2010 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network Circle,\par
 * Santa Clara, California 95054, U.S.A. All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
 * modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
 * License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
 * version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
 * \par
 * This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
 * but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
 * Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
 * \par
 * You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
 * License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software\par
 * Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA\par
 */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
SystemC (AESL)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The source code for this software is made available by Xilinx on its web site under the terms of the SYSTEMC OPEN SOURCE LICENSE AGREEMENT.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
tcf agent 1.1\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (c) 2007, Eclipse Foundation, Inc. and its licensors. \par
The text of the Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here.\par
Copyright (c) 2007, Eclipse Foundation, Inc. and its licensors.\par
Copyright (c) 1996, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 Wind River Systems, Inc. and others.\par
Copyright (c) 2009, 2010 Philippe Proulx, \u201Ecole Polytechnique de Montr233eal, \par
                   Michael Sills-Lavoie, \u201Ecole Polytechnique de Montr233eal, and others.\par
Copyright (c) 2012 Xilinx, Inc. and others.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
TCF Eclipse plug-ins with TCF debugger\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
Eclipse Distribution License - v 1.0\par
Copyright (c) 2007, Eclipse Foundation, Inc. and its licensors. \par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
Neither the name of the Eclipse Foundation, Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
TCL (AESL)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
License Terms (apply to all files associated with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files)\par
---------------\par
\par
This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., Scriptics Corporation, ActiveState Corporation and other parties.  The following terms apply to all files associated with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files.\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where they apply.\par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.\par
\par
GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal \par
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the\par
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause 252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the terms specified in this license.\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to FILE: ./tools/mkdepend.tcl\par
---------------\par
\par
mkdepend : generate dependency information from C/C++ files\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998, Nat Pryce\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies of this software.\par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE AUTHOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
THE AUTHOR SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHOR HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE  MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.\par
==============================================================================\par
Modified heavily by David Gravereaux <davygrvy@pobox.com> about 9/17/2006. Original can be found @ http://web.archive.org/web/20070616205924/http://www.doc.ic.ac.uk/~np2/software/mkdepend.html\par
==============================================================================\par
RCS: @(#) $Id: mkdepend.tcl,v 1.6 2007/12/13 15:28:40 dgp Exp $\par
==============================================================================\par
\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to the following FILEs:\par
1) ./generic/regexec.c\par
2) ./generic/regc_color.c\par
3) ./generic/regc_cvec.c\par
4) ./generic/regc_nfa.c\par
5) ./generic/regerror.c\par
6) ./generic/regguts.h\par
7) ./generic/regfronts.c\par
8) ./generic/regfree.c\par
9) ./generic/regc_lex.c\par
10) ./generic/regcustom.h\par
11) ./generic/rege_dfa.c\par
12) ./generic/regcomp.c\par
\par
---------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998, 1999 Henry Spencer.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Development of this software was funded, in part, by Cray Research Inc., UUNET Communications Services Inc., Sun Microsystems Inc., and Scriptics Corporation, none of whom are responsible for the results.  The author thanks all of them.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms -- with or without modification -- are permitted for any purpose, provided that redistributions in source form retain this entire copyright notice and indicate the origin and nature of any modifications.\par
\par
I'd appreciate being given credit for this package in the documentation of software which uses it, but that is not a requirement.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL HENRY SPENCER BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
For the following FILES, also include the following additional text at the end of the notice after the warranty disclaimer/limitation of liability section.\par
2) ./generic/regc_color.c - "Note that there are some incestuous relationships between this code and NFA arc maintenance, which perhaps ought to be cleaned up sometime." \par
3) ./generic/regc_cvec.c - "Notes: Only (selected) functions in _this_ file should treat chr* as non-constant."\par
4) ./generic/regc_nfa.c - "One or two things that technically ought to be in here are actually in color.c, thanks to some incestuous relationships in the color chains."\par
6) ./generic/regguts.h - "Environmental customization. It should not (I hope) be necessary to alter the file you are now reading -- regcustom.h should handle it all, given care here and elsewhere."\par
8) ./generic/regfree.c - "You might think that this could be incorporated into regcomp.c, and that would be a reasonable idea... except that this is a generic function (with a generic name), applicable to all compiled Res regardless of the size of their characters, whereas the stuff in regcomp.c gets compiled once per character size."\par
9) ./generic/regc_lex.c - "scanning macros (know about v)"\par
10) ./generic/regcustom.h - "Headers if any."\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to FILE: ./generic/tclDate.c\par
---------------\par
A Bison parser, made by GNU Bison 2.3.  \par
\par
Skeleton implementation for Bison's Yacc-like parsers in C\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1984, 1989, 1990, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA. \par
\par
As a special exception, you may create a larger work that contains part or all of the Bison parser skeleton and distribute that work under terms of your choice, so long as that work isn't itself a parser generator using the skeleton or a modified version thereof as a parser skeleton.  Alternatively, if you modify or redistribute the parser skeleton itself, you may (at your option) remove this special exception, which will cause the skeleton and the resulting Bison output files to be licensed under the GNU General Public License without this special exception. This special exception was added by the Free Software Foundation in version 2.2 of Bison.  \par
\par
C LALR(1) parser skeleton written by Richard Stallman, by simplifying the original so-called "semantic" parser.  \par
\par
All symbols defined below should begin with yy or YY, to avoid infringing on user name space.  This should be done even for local variables, as they might otherwise be expanded by user macros. There are some unavoidable exceptions within include files to define necessary library symbols; they are noted "INFRINGES ON USER NAME SPACE" below. \par
\par
Identify Bison output. \par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to FILE: ./unix/tclLoadAix.c\par
---------------\par
This file implements the dlopen and dlsym APIs under the AIX operating system, to enable the Tcl "load" command to work. This code was provided by Jens-Uwe Mager.\par
 \par
This file is subject to the following copyright notice, which is different from the notice used elsewhere in Tcl. The file has been modified to incorporate the file dlfcn.h in-line.\par
 \par
Copyright (c) 1992,1993,1995,1996, Jens-Uwe Mager, Helios Software GmbH\par
Not derived from licensed software.\par
\par
Permission is granted to freely use, copy, modify, and redistribute this software, provided that the author is not construed to be liable for any results of using the software, alterations are clearly marked as such, and this notice is not modified.\par
\par
RCS: @(#) $Id: tclLoadAix.c,v 1.6 2007/04/16 13:36:36 dkf Exp $\par
\par
Note: this file has been altered from the original in a few ways in order to work properly with Tcl.\par
\par
@(#)dlfcn.c	1.7 revision of 95/08/14  19:08:38\par
This is an unpublished work copyright (c) 1992 HELIOS Software GmbH\par
30159 Hannover, Germany\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to FILE: ./compat/dlfcn.h\par
--------------- \par
This file provides a replacement for the header file "dlfcn.h" on systems where dlfcn.h is missing.  It's primary use is for AIX, where Tcl emulates the dl library.\par
\par
This file is subject to the following copyright notice, which is different from the notice used elsewhere in Tcl but rougly equivalent in meaning.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1992,1993,1995,1996, Jens-Uwe Mager, Helios Software GmbH\par
Not derived from licensed software.\par
\par
Permission is granted to freely use, copy, modify, and redistribute this software, provided that the author is not construed to be liable for any results of using the software, alterations are clearly marked as such, and this notice is not modified.\par
\par
RCS: @(#) $Id: dlfcn.h,v 1.2 1998/09/14 18:39:44 stanton Exp $\par
\par
@(#)dlfcn.h	1.4 revision of 95/04/25  09:36:52\par
This is an unpublished work copyright (c) 1992 HELIOS Software GmbH\par
30159 Hannover, Germany\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to FILE: ./compat/unistd.h\par
--------------- \par
\par
Copyright 1989 Regents of the University of California\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and without  fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies.  The University of California makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
 RCS: @(#) $Id: unistd.h,v 1.2 1998/09/14 18:39:45 stanton Exp $\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Tcl Distributed Programming (Tcl-DP)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
  1.The "Software", below, refers to the Tcl-DP system, developed by the\par
     Tcl-DP group (in either source-code, object-code or executable-code\par
     form), and related documentation, and a "work based on the Software" means\par
     a work based on either the Software, on part of the Software, or on any\par
     derivative work of the Software under copyright law: that is, a work\par
     containing all or a portion of the Tcl-DP system, either verbatim or\par
     with modifications. Each licensee is addressed as "you" or "Licensee." \par
\par
  2.Cornell University as the parent organization of the Tcl-DP group holds\par
     copyrights in the Software. The copyright holder reserves all rights\par
     except those expressly granted to licensees, and U.S. Government license\par
     rights. \par
\par
  3.Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and to redistribute to\par
     others. If you distribute a copy or copies of the Software, or you modify\par
     a copy or copies of the Software or any portion of it, thus forming a work\par
     based on the Software, and make and/or distribute copies of such work, you\par
     must meet the following conditions: \par
\par
       1.If you make a copy of the Software (modified or verbatim) it must\par
	  include the copyright notice and this license. \par
\par
       2.You must cause the modified Software to carry prominent notices\par
	  stating that you changed specified portions of the Software. \par
\par
  4.LICENSEE AGREES THAT THE EXPORT OF GOODS AND/OR TECHNICAL DATA FROM THE\par
     UNITED STATES MAY REQUIRE SOME FORM OF EXPORT CONTROL LICENSE FROM THE\par
     U.S. GOVERNMENT AND THAT FAILURE TO OBTAIN SUCH EXPORT CONTROL LICENSE MAY\par
     RESULT IN CRIMINAL LIABILITY UNDER U.S. LAWS. \par
\par
  5.Portions of the Software resulted from work developed under a U.S.\par
     Government Contract and are subject to the following license: the\par
     Government is granted for itself and others acting on its behalf a\par
     paid-up, nonexclusive, irrevocable worldwide license in this computer\par
     software to reproduce, prepare derivative works, and perform publicly and\par
     display publicly. \par
\par
  6.Disclaimer of warranty: Licensor provides the software on an "as is''\par
     basis. Licensor does not warrent, guarantee, or make any representations\par
     regarding the use or results of the software with respect to its\par
     correctness, accuracy, reliability or performance. The entire risk of the\par
     use and performance of the software is assumed by licensee. ALL WARANTIES\par
     INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
     PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED. \par
\par
  7.Lack of maintainance or support services: Licensee understands and agrees\par
     that licensor is under no obligation to provide maintanance, support or\par
     update services, notices of latent defects, or correction of defects for\par
     the software. \par
\par
  8.Limitation of liability, indemnification: Even if advised of the\par
     possibility of damages, under no circumstances shall licensor be liable to\par
     licensee or any third party for damages of any character, including,\par
     without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or special\par
     damages, loss of profits, loss of use, loss of goodwill, computer failure\par
     or malfunction. Licensee agrees to indemnify and hold harmless licensor\par
     for any and all liability licensor may incur as a result of licensee's use\par
     of the software.\par
     \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Tcl v8.4.14\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
License Terms (apply to all files associated with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files)\par
---------------\par
\par
This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., Scriptics Corporation, ActiveState Corporation and other parties.  The following terms apply to all files associated with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files.\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where they apply.\par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.\par
\par
GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause 252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the terms specified in this license.  This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., Scriptics Corporation, ActiveState Corporation and other parties.  The following terms apply to all files associated with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files.\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to the following FILEs: \par
1) generic/regc_color.c\par
2) generic/regc_cvec.c\par
3) generic/regc_lex.c\par
4) generic/regc_nfa.c\par
5) generic/regcomp.c\par
6) generic/regcustom.h\par
7) generic/rege_dfa.c\par
8) generic/regerror.c\par
9) generic/regexec.c\par
10) generic/regex.h\par
11) generic/regfree.c\par
12) generic/regfronts.c\par
13) generic/regguts.h\par
---------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998, 1999 Henry Spencer.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Development of this software was funded, in part, by Cray Research Inc., UUNET Communications Services Inc., Sun Microsystems Inc., and Scriptics Corporation, none of whom are responsible for the results.  The author thanks all of them.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms -- with or without modification -- are permitted for any purpose, provided that redistributions in source form retain this entire copyright notice and indicate the origin and nature of any modifications.\par
\par
I'd appreciate being given credit for this package in the documentation of software which uses it, but that is not a requirement.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL HENRY SPENCER BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to the FILE: macosx/tclMacOSXBundle.c\par
---------------\par
\par
Copyright 2001, Apple Computer, Inc.\par
 \par
The following terms apply to all files originating from Apple\par
 Computer, Inc. ("Apple") and associated with the software\par
 unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files.\par
\par
\par
 Apple hereby grants permission to use, copy, modify,\par
 distribute, and license this software and its documentation\par
 for any purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are\par
 retained in all copies and that this notice is included\par
 verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license,\par
 or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized\par
 uses. Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by\par
 their authors and need not follow the licensing terms\par
 described here, provided that the new terms are clearly\par
 indicated on the first page of each file where they apply.\par
\par
\par
 IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE, THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS OF THE\par
 SOFTWARE BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,\par
 INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY DERIVATIVES THEREOF,\par
 EVEN IF APPLE OR THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE\par
 POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  APPLE, THE AUTHORS AND\par
 DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,\par
 BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS\par
 SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND APPLE,THE\par
 AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE\par
 MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.\par
\par
 GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf\par
 of the U.S. government, the Government shall have only\par
 "Restricted Rights" in the software and related documentation\par
 as defined in the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in\par
 Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you are acquiring the software\par
 on behalf of the Department of Defense, the software shall be\par
 classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the\par
 Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in\par
 Clause 252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the\par
 foregoing, the authors grant the U.S. Government and others\par
 acting in its behalf permission to use and distribute the\par
 software in accordance with the terms specified in this\par
 license.\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to the following FILEs: \par
1) tools/configure\par
2) unix/configure\par
3) win/configure\par
---------------\par
Copyright (C) 1992, 93, 94, 95, 96 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This configure script is free software; the Free Software Foundation gives unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify it.\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to the FILE: unix/tclLoadAix.c\par
---------------\par
This file implements the dlopen and dlsym APIs under the AIX operating system, to enable the Tcl "load" command to work.  This code was provided by Jens-Uwe Mager.\par
 \par
This file is subject to the following copyright notice, which is different from the notice used elsewhere in Tcl.  The file has been modified to incorporate the file dlfcn.h in-line.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1992,1993,1995,1996, Jens-Uwe Mager, Helios Software GmbH\par
Not derived from licensed software.\par
\par
Permission is granted to freely use, copy, modify, and redistribute this software, provided that the author is not construed to be liable for any results of using the software, alterations are clearly marked as such, and this notice is not modified.\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to the FILE: unix/tclUnixFCmd.c\par
---------------\par
\par
Portions of this code were derived from NetBSD source code which has the following copyright notice:\par
 \par
Copyright (c) 1988, 1993, 1994\par
The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Tcl v8.5.6\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
License Terms (apply to all files associated with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files)\par
---------------\par
\par
This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., Scriptics Corporation, ActiveState Corporation and other parties.  The following terms apply to all files associated with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files.\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where they apply.\par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.\par
\par
GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal \par
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the\par
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause 252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the terms specified in this license.\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to FILE: ./tools/mkdepend.tcl\par
---------------\par
\par
mkdepend : generate dependency information from C/C++ files\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998, Nat Pryce\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies of this software.\par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE AUTHOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
THE AUTHOR SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHOR HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE  MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.\par
==============================================================================\par
Modified heavily by David Gravereaux <davygrvy@pobox.com> about 9/17/2006. Original can be found @ http://web.archive.org/web/20070616205924/http://www.doc.ic.ac.uk/~np2/software/mkdepend.html\par
==============================================================================\par
RCS: @(#) $Id: mkdepend.tcl,v 1.6 2007/12/13 15:28:40 dgp Exp $\par
==============================================================================\par
\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to the following FILEs:\par
1) ./generic/regexec.c\par
2) ./generic/regc_color.c\par
3) ./generic/regc_cvec.c\par
4) ./generic/regc_nfa.c\par
5) ./generic/regerror.c\par
6) ./generic/regguts.h\par
7) ./generic/regfronts.c\par
8) ./generic/regfree.c\par
9) ./generic/regc_lex.c\par
10) ./generic/regcustom.h\par
11) ./generic/rege_dfa.c\par
12) ./generic/regcomp.c\par
\par
---------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998, 1999 Henry Spencer.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Development of this software was funded, in part, by Cray Research Inc., UUNET Communications Services Inc., Sun Microsystems Inc., and Scriptics Corporation, none of whom are responsible for the results.  The author thanks all of them.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms -- with or without modification -- are permitted for any purpose, provided that redistributions in source form retain this entire copyright notice and indicate the origin and nature of any modifications.\par
\par
I'd appreciate being given credit for this package in the documentation of software which uses it, but that is not a requirement.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL HENRY SPENCER BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
For the following FILES, also include the following additional text at the end of the notice after the warranty disclaimer/limitation of liability section.\par
2) ./generic/regc_color.c - "Note that there are some incestuous relationships between this code and NFA arc maintenance, which perhaps ought to be cleaned up sometime." \par
3) ./generic/regc_cvec.c - "Notes: Only (selected) functions in _this_ file should treat chr* as non-constant."\par
4) ./generic/regc_nfa.c - "One or two things that technically ought to be in here are actually in color.c, thanks to some incestuous relationships in the color chains."\par
6) ./generic/regguts.h - "Environmental customization. It should not (I hope) be necessary to alter the file you are now reading -- regcustom.h should handle it all, given care here and elsewhere."\par
8) ./generic/regfree.c - "You might think that this could be incorporated into regcomp.c, and that would be a reasonable idea... except that this is a generic function (with a generic name), applicable to all compiled Res regardless of the size of their characters, whereas the stuff in regcomp.c gets compiled once per character size."\par
9) ./generic/regc_lex.c - "scanning macros (know about v)"\par
10) ./generic/regcustom.h - "Headers if any."\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to FILE: ./generic/tclDate.c\par
---------------\par
A Bison parser, made by GNU Bison 2.3.  \par
\par
Skeleton implementation for Bison's Yacc-like parsers in C\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1984, 1989, 1990, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006\par
Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
\par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA. \par
\par
As a special exception, you may create a larger work that contains part or all of the Bison parser skeleton and distribute that work under terms of your choice, so long as that work isn't itself a parser generator using the skeleton or a modified version thereof as a parser skeleton.  Alternatively, if you modify or redistribute the parser skeleton itself, you may (at your option) remove this special exception, which will cause the skeleton and the resulting Bison output files to be licensed under the GNU General Public License without this special exception. This special exception was added by the Free Software Foundation in version 2.2 of Bison.  \par
\par
C LALR(1) parser skeleton written by Richard Stallman, by simplifying the original so-called "semantic" parser.  \par
\par
All symbols defined below should begin with yy or YY, to avoid infringing on user name space.  This should be done even for local variables, as they might otherwise be expanded by user macros. There are some unavoidable exceptions within include files to define necessary library symbols; they are noted "INFRINGES ON USER NAME SPACE" below. \par
\par
Identify Bison output. \par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to FILE: ./unix/tclLoadAix.c\par
---------------\par
This file implements the dlopen and dlsym APIs under the AIX operating system, to enable the Tcl "load" command to work. This code was provided by Jens-Uwe Mager.\par
 \par
This file is subject to the following copyright notice, which is different from the notice used elsewhere in Tcl. The file has been modified to incorporate the file dlfcn.h in-line.\par
 \par
Copyright (c) 1992,1993,1995,1996, Jens-Uwe Mager, Helios Software GmbH\par
Not derived from licensed software.\par
\par
Permission is granted to freely use, copy, modify, and redistribute this software, provided that the author is not construed to be liable for any results of using the software, alterations are clearly marked as such, and this notice is not modified.\par
\par
RCS: @(#) $Id: tclLoadAix.c,v 1.6 2007/04/16 13:36:36 dkf Exp $\par
\par
Note: this file has been altered from the original in a few ways in order to work properly with Tcl.\par
\par
@(#)dlfcn.c	1.7 revision of 95/08/14  19:08:38\par
This is an unpublished work copyright (c) 1992 HELIOS Software GmbH\par
30159 Hannover, Germany\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to FILE: ./compat/dlfcn.h\par
--------------- \par
This file provides a replacement for the header file "dlfcn.h" on systems where dlfcn.h is missing.  It's primary use is for AIX, where Tcl emulates the dl library.\par
\par
This file is subject to the following copyright notice, which is different from the notice used elsewhere in Tcl but rougly equivalent in meaning.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1992,1993,1995,1996, Jens-Uwe Mager, Helios Software GmbH\par
Not derived from licensed software.\par
\par
Permission is granted to freely use, copy, modify, and redistribute this software, provided that the author is not construed to be liable for any results of using the software, alterations are clearly marked as such, and this notice is not modified.\par
\par
RCS: @(#) $Id: dlfcn.h,v 1.2 1998/09/14 18:39:44 stanton Exp $\par
\par
@(#)dlfcn.h	1.4 revision of 95/04/25  09:36:52\par
This is an unpublished work copyright (c) 1992 HELIOS Software GmbH\par
30159 Hannover, Germany\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to FILE: ./compat/unistd.h\par
--------------- \par
\par
Copyright 1989 Regents of the University of California\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and without  fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies.  The University of California makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
 RCS: @(#) $Id: unistd.h,v 1.2 1998/09/14 18:39:45 stanton Exp $\par
--------------- \par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
* Copyright (c) 1996-1998 Sun Microsystems, Inc.\par
 *\par
 * See the file "license.terms" for information on usage and redistribution\par
 * of this file, and for a DISCLAIMER OF ALL WARRANTIES.\par
 *\par
* Portions of this code were derived from NetBSD source code which has\par
 * the following copyright notice:\par
 *\par
 * Copyright (c) 1988, 1993, 1994\par
 *      The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
 *    must display the following acknowledgement:\par
 *      This product includes software developed by the University of\par
 *      California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
 * 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
 *    without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 * SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 */\par
--------------- \par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * tclMacOSXBundle.c --\par
 *\par
 *	This file implements functions that inspect CFBundle structures\par
 *      on MacOS X.\par
 *\par
 *      Copyright 2001, Apple Computer, Inc.\par
 *\par
 *      The following terms apply to all files originating from Apple\par
 *      Computer, Inc. ("Apple") and associated with the software\par
 *      unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files.\par
 *\par
 *\par
 *      Apple hereby grants permission to use, copy, modify,\par
 *      distribute, and license this software and its documentation\par
 *      for any purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are\par
 *      retained in all copies and that this notice is included\par
 *      verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license,\par
 *      or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized\par
 *      uses. Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by\par
 *      their authors and need not follow the licensing terms\par
 *      described here, provided that the new terms are clearly\par
 *      indicated on the first page of each file where they apply.\par
 *\par
 *\par
 *      IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE, THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS OF THE\par
 *      SOFTWARE BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,\par
 *      INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 *      THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY DERIVATIVES THEREOF,\par
 *      EVEN IF APPLE OR THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE\par
 *      POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  APPLE, THE AUTHORS AND\par
 *      DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,\par
 *      BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
 *      FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS\par
 *      SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND APPLE,THE\par
 *      AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE\par
 *      MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.\par
 *\par
 *      GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf\par
 *      of the U.S. government, the Government shall have only\par
 *      "Restricted Rights" in the software and related documentation\par
 *      as defined in the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in\par
 *      Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you are acquiring the software\par
 *      on behalf of the Department of Defense, the software shall be\par
 *      classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the\par
 *      Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in\par
 *      Clause 252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the\par
 *      foregoing, the authors grant the U.S. Government and others\par
 *      acting in its behalf permission to use and distribute the\par
 *      software in accordance with the terms specified in this\par
 *      license.\par
 */\par
--------------- \par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* \par
 * strftime.c --\par
 *\par
 *	This file contains a modified version of the BSD 4.4 strftime\par
 *	function.\par
 *\par
 * This file is a modified version of the strftime.c file from the BSD 4.4\par
 * source.  See the copyright notice below for details on redistribution\par
 * restrictions.  The "license.terms" file does not apply to this file.\par
 *\par
 * Changes 2002 Copyright (c) 2002 ActiveState Corporation.\par
 *\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (c) 1989 The Regents of the University of California.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
 *    must display the following acknowledgement:\par
 *	This product includes software developed by the University of\par
 *	California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par
 * 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
 *    without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 * SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 */\par
--------------- \par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* \par
 * tclLoadAix.c --\par
 *\par
 *	This file implements the dlopen and dlsym APIs under the\par
 *	AIX operating system, to enable the Tcl "load" command to\par
 *	work.  This code was provided by Jens-Uwe Mager.\par
 *\par
 *	This file is subject to the following copyright notice, which is\par
 *	different from the notice used elsewhere in Tcl.  The file has\par
 *	been modified to incorporate the file dlfcn.h in-line.\par
 *\par
 *	Copyright (c) 1992,1993,1995,1996, Jens-Uwe Mager, Helios Software GmbH\par
 *	Not derived from licensed software.\par
 *	Permission is granted to freely use, copy, modify, and redistribute\par
 *	this software, provided that the author is not construed to be liable\par
 *	for any results of using the software, alterations are clearly marked\par
 *	as such, and this notice is not modified.\par
 *\par
 * Note:  this file has been altered from the original in a few\par
 * ways in order to work properly with Tcl.\par
 */\par
 * This is an unpublished work copyright (c) 1992 HELIOS Software GmbH\par
 * 30159 Hannover, Germany\par
 */\par
--------------- \par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * unistd.h --\par
 *\par
 *      Macros, CONSTants and prototypes for Posix conformance.\par
 *\par
 * Copyright 1989 Regents of the University of California\par
 * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
 * software and its documentation for any purpose and without\par
 * fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright\par
 * notice appear in all copies.  The University of California\par
 * makes no representations about the suitability of this\par
 * software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without\par
 * express or implied warranty.\par
 *\par
--------------- \par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (c) 1988 Regents of the University of California.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted\par
 * provided that this notice is preserved and that due credit is given\par
 * to the University of California at Berkeley. The name of the University\par
 * may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this\par
 * software without specific written prior permission. This software\par
 * is provided ``as is'' without express or implied warranty.\par
 *\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
TclBlend\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. THROUGH ITS SUN MICROSYSTEMS LABORATORIES DIVISION ("SUN") WILL LICENSE THIS SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING DOCUMENTATION TO YOU (a "Licensee") ONLY ON YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF ALL  THE TERMS SET FORTH BELOW.\par
\par
Sun grants Licensee a non-exclusive, royalty-free right to download, install, compile, use, copy and distribute the Software, modify or otherwise create derivative works from the Software (each, a "Modification") and distribute any Modification in source code and/or binary code form to its customers with a license agreement containing these terms and noting that the Software has been modified. The Software is copyrighted by Sun and other third parties and Licensee shall retain and reproduce all copyright and other notices presently on the Software. As between Sun and Licensee, Sun is the sole owner of all rights in and to the Software other than the limited rights\par
granted to Licensee herein; Licensee will own its Modifications, expressly subject to Sun's continuing ownership of the Software. Licensee will, at its expense, defend and indemnify Sun and its licensors from and against any third party claims, including costs and reasonable attorneys' fees, and be wholly responsible for any liabilities arising out of or related to Licensee's development, use or distribution of the Software or Modifications. Any distribution of the Software and Modifications must comply with all applicable United States export control laws.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED TO LICENSEE "AS IS" AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT WILL SUN BE LIABLE HEREUNDER FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES OR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1997 Sun Microsystems, Inc.\par
Copyright (c) 1998 by Moses DeJong\par
Copyright (c) 1998 Mo DeJong.\par
Copyright (c) 1999 Mo DeJong.\par
Copyright (c) 1997-1998 by Sun Microsystems, Inc.\par
Copyright (c) 1998 by Sun Microsystems, Inc.\par
Copyright (c) 1997 Cornell University.\par
\par
-----------\par
\par
Portions of this file are Copyright (c) 1998 The Regents of the University of California. \par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Portions of Jacl and Tcl Blend are Copyright (c) 1997-1999 The Regents of the University of California.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies of this software.\par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Tcllib\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
License Terms (apply to all files associated with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files)\par
---------------\par
\par
This software is copyrighted by Ajuba Solutions and other parties.\par
The following terms apply to all files associated with the software unless\par
explicitly disclaimed in individual files.\par
\par
The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,\par
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided\par
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this\par
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,\par
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.\par
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors\par
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that\par
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where\par
they apply.\par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY\par
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY\par
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,\par
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE\par
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE\par
NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR\par
MODIFICATIONS.\par
\par
GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the\par
U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights"\par
in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal \par
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you\par
are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the\par
software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the\par
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause\par
252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the\par
authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf\par
permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the\par
terms specified in this license. \par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to FILE: ./modules/math/mvlinreg.tcl\par
--------------- \par
Copyright 2007 Eric Kemp-Benedict\par
Released under the BSD license under any terms that allow it to be compatible with tcllib\par
\par
Copyright notice that apply to the following FILEs: \par
./modules/sha1/sha256.c \par
./modules/sha1/sha256.h\par
--------------- \par
Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Allan Saddi <allan@saddi.com>\par
All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to the following FILE: ./modules/md5/md5.c\par
--------------- \par
Copyright (C) 1990, RSA Data Security, Inc. All rights reserved.  \par
                                                                   \par
License to copy and use this software is granted provided that it is identified as the "RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-\par
Digest Algorithm" in all material mentioning or referencing this  software or this function.                                       \par
\par
License is also granted to make and use derivative works provided that such works are identified as "derived from the RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material mentioning or referencing the derived work.              \par
 \par
RSA Data Security, Inc. makes no representations concerning either the merchantability of this software or the suitability of this software for any particular purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty of any kind.              \par
\par
These notices must be retained in any copies of any part of this documentation and/or software. \par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to the following FILE: ./modules/amazon-s3/S3.tcl\par
--------------- \par
Copyright (c) 2006,2008 Darren New. All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
NO WARRANTIES OF ANY TYPE ARE PROVIDED.\par
COPYING OR USE INDEMNIFIES THE AUTHOR IN ALL WAYS.\par
\par
This software is licensed under essentially the same terms as Tcl. See license terms.\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to the following FILE: ./modules/amazon-s3/xsxp.tcl\par
--------------- \par
Copyright (c) 2006 Darren New.\par
All Rights Reserved.\par
NO WARRANTIES OF ANY TYPE ARE PROVIDED.\par
COPYING OR USE INDEMNIFIES THE AUTHOR IN ALL WAYS.\par
See the license terms.\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to the following FILE: ./modules/imap4/imap4.tcl\par
--------------- \par
Copyright (C) 2004 Salvatore Sanfilippo <antirez@invece.org>.\par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
 \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, provided that the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in all copies of the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL  INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to the following FILE: ./modules/md4/md4.h\par
--------------- \par
Copyright (C) 1991-2, RSA Data Security, Inc. Created 1991. All rights reserved.\par
License to copy and use this software is granted provided that it is identified as the "RSA Data Security, Inc. MD4 Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material mentioning or referencing this software\par
or this function. License is also granted to make and use derivative works provided that such works are identified as "derived from the RSA Data Security, Inc. MD4 Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material mentioning or referencing the derived work. RSA Data Security, Inc. makes no representations concerning either the merchantability of this software or the suitability of this software for any particular purpose. It is provided "as is"\par
 without express or implied warranty of any kind. These notices must be retained in any copies of any part of this documentation and/or software.\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to the following FILE: ./modules/md4/md4.c\par
--------------- \par
Copyright (C) 1990-2, RSA Data Security, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
License to copy and use this software is granted provided that it is identified as the "RSA Data Security, Inc. MD4 Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material mentioning or referencing this software or this function. License is also granted to make and use derivative works provided that such works are identified as "derived from the RSA Data Security, Inc. MD4 Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material mentioning or referencing the derived work.  RSA Data Security, Inc. makes no representations concerning either the merchantability of this software or the suitability of this software for any particular purpose. It is provided "as is"  without express or implied warranty of any kind.\par
These notices must be retained in any copies of any part of this documentation and/or software.\par
\par
Copyright notice that applies to the following FILE: ./examples/mime/mbot/mbox.tcl\par
---------------\par
(c) 1999 Marshall T. Rose\par
Hold harmless the author, and any lawful use is allowed.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
tDOM (AESL)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The text of the Mozilla Public License, Version 1.1, a copy of which is made available below in this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Tecla\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (c) 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 by Martin C. Shepherd.\par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a\par
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the\par
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including\par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,\par
distribute, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons\par
to whom the Software is furnished to do so, provided that the above\par
copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in all copies of\par
the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and this\par
permission notice appear in supporting documentation.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT\par
OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR\par
HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL\par
INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING\par
FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,\par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION\par
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder\par
shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use\par
or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization\par
of the copyright holder.\par
\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
# Copyright 1991 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology\par
#\par
# Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its\par
# documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that\par
# the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that\par
# copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting\par
# documentation, and that the name of M.I.T. not be used in advertising or\par
# publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific,\par
# written prior permission.  M.I.T. makes no representations about the\par
# suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is"\par
# without express or implied warranty.\par
#\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
# Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002\par
# Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
# This configure script is free software; the Free Software Foundation\par
# gives unlimited permission to copy, distribute and modify it.\par
## --------------------- ##\par
## M4sh Initialization.  ##\par
## --------------------- ##\par
# Be Bourne compatible\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
TLM (AESL)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The source code for this software is made available by Xilinx on its web site under the terms of the SYSTEMC OPEN SOURCE LICENSE AGREEMENT.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
U-Boot\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
# (C) Copyright 2000 - 2009\par
# Wolfgang Denk, DENX Software Engineering, wd@denx.de.\par
#\par
# See file CREDITS for list of people who contributed to this\par
# project.\par
#\par
# This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
# modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as\par
# published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of\par
# the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
#\par
# This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
# but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
# MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
# GNU General Public License for more details.\par
#\par
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
# along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\par
# Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston,\par
# MA 02111-1307 USA\par
#\par
\par
Summary:\par
========\par
\par
This directory contains the source code for U-Boot, a boot loader for\par
Embedded boards based on PowerPC, ARM, MIPS and several other\par
processors, which can be installed in a boot ROM and used to\par
initialize and test the hardware or to download and run application\par
code.\par
\par
The development of U-Boot is closely related to Linux: some parts of\par
the source code originate in the Linux source tree, we have some\par
header files in common, and special provision has been made to\par
support booting of Linux images.\par
\par
Some attention has been paid to make this software easily\par
configurable and extendable. For instance, all monitor commands are\par
implemented with the same call interface, so that it's very easy to\par
add new commands. Also, instead of permanently adding rarely used\par
code (for instance hardware test utilities) to the monitor, you can\par
load and run it dynamically.\par
\par
Status:\par
=======\par
\par
In general, all boards for which a configuration option exists in the\par
Makefile have been tested to some extent and can be considered\par
"working". In fact, many of them are used in production systems.\par
\par
In case of problems see the CHANGELOG and CREDITS files to find out\par
who contributed the specific port. The MAINTAINERS file lists board\par
maintainers.\par
\par
Where to get help:\par
==================\par
\par
In case you have questions about, problems with or contributions for\par
U-Boot you should send a message to the U-Boot mailing list at\par
<u-boot@lists.denx.de>. There is also an archive of previous traffic\par
on the mailing list - please search the archive before asking FAQ's.\par
Please see http://lists.denx.de/pipermail/u-boot and\par
http://dir.gmane.org/gmane.comp.boot-loaders.u-boot\par
\par
Where to get source code:\par
=========================\par
\par
The U-Boot source code is maintained in the git repository at\par
git://www.denx.de/git/u-boot.git ; you can browse it online at\par
http://www.denx.de/cgi-bin/gitweb.cgi?p=u-boot.git;a=summary\par
\par
The "snapshot" links on this page allow you to download tarballs of\par
any version you might be interested in. Official releases are also\par
available for FTP download from the ftp://ftp.denx.de/pub/u-boot/\par
directory.\par
\par
Pre-built (and tested) images are available from\par
ftp://ftp.denx.de/pub/u-boot/images/\par
\par
\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
*		Copyright (C) 1991-2004 SciTech Software, Inc.\par
*		     Copyright (C) David Mosberger-Tang\par
*		       Copyright (C) 1999 Egbert Eich\par
*\par
*  ========================================================================\par
*\par
*  Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and\par
*  its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
*  provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that\par
*  both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in\par
*  supporting documentation, and that the name of the authors not be used\par
*  in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software\par
*  without specific, written prior permission.  The authors makes no\par
*  representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose.\par
*  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
*\par
*  THE AUTHORS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
*  INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO\par
*  EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR\par
*  CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF\par
*  USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR\par
*  OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR\par
*  PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright 2001-2005, Intel Corporation.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 * \par
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. Neither the name of the Intel Corporation nor the names of its contributors\par
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
 *    without specific prior written permission.\par
 * \par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS''\par
 * AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 * SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
  Copyright (C) 1996-2002 Julian R Seward.  All rights reserved.\par
  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
  are met:\par
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
  2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must\par
     not claim that you wrote the original software.  If you use this\par
     software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product\par
     documentation would be appreciated but is not required.\par
  3. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must\par
     not be misrepresented as being the original software.\par
  4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote\par
     products derived from this software without specific prior written\par
     permission.\par
  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS\par
  OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
  WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
  ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
  DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
  DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE\par
  GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
  INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
  WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
  NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
  SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
  Julian Seward, Cambridge, UK.\par
  jseward@acm.org\par
  bzip2/libbzip2 version 1.0 of 21 March 2000\par
  This program is based on (at least) the work of:\par
     Mike Burrows\par
     David Wheeler\par
     Peter Fenwick\par
     Alistair Moffat\par
     Radford Neal\par
     Ian H. Witten\par
     Robert Sedgewick\par
     Jon L. Bentley\par
  For more information on these sources, see the manual.\par
--*/\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * DNS support driver\par
 *\par
 * Copyright (c) 2008 Pieter Voorthuijsen <pieter.voorthuijsen@prodrive.nl>\par
 * Copyright (c) 2009 Robin Getz <rgetz@blackfin.uclinux.org>\par
 *\par
 * This is a simple DNS implementation for U-Boot. It will use the first IP\par
 * in the DNS response as NetServerIP. This can then be used for any other\par
 * network related activities.\par
 *\par
 * The packet handling is partly based on TADNS, original copyrights\par
 * follow below.\par
 *\par
 */\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (c) 2004-2005 Sergey Lyubka <valenok@gmail.com>\par
 *\par
 * "THE BEER-WARE LICENSE" (Revision 42):\par
 * Sergey Lyubka wrote this file.  As long as you retain this notice you\par
 * can do whatever you want with this stuff. If we meet some day, and you think\par
 * this stuff is worth it, you can buy me a beer in return.\par
 */\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (c) 1993 Herb Peyerl (hpeyerl@novatel.ca) All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
 * met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 * notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The name\par
 * of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
 * this software without specific prior written permission\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED\par
 * WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO\par
 * EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
 * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED\par
 * TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
 * PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
 * LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
 * NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
 * SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
*  Copyright (C) 2007 Freescale Semiconductor, Inc.\par
*  Jason Jin <Jason.jin@freescale.com>\par
*\par
*		Copyright (C) 1996-1999 SciTech Software, Inc.\par
*\par
*  ========================================================================\par
*\par
*  Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and\par
*  its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
*  provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that\par
*  both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in\par
*  supporting documentation, and that the name of the authors not be used\par
*  in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software\par
*  without specific, written prior permission.  The authors makes no\par
*  representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose.\par
*  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
*\par
*  THE AUTHORS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
*  INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO\par
*  EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR\par
*  CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF\par
*  USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR\par
*  OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR\par
*  PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
*   Copyright (C) 1996-1999 SciTech Software, Inc.\par
*\par
*  ========================================================================\par
*\par
*  Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and\par
*  its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
*  provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that\par
*  both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in\par
*  supporting documentation, and that the name of the authors not be used\par
*  in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software\par
*  without specific, written prior permission.  The authors makes no\par
*  representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose.\par
*  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
*\par
*  THE AUTHORS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
*  INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO\par
*  EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR\par
*  CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF\par
*  USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR\par
*  OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR\par
*  PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 2001, 2002\par
 * Erik Theisen.  All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products\par
 *    derived from this software without specific prior written permission\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES\par
 * OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\par
 * IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,\par
 * INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 * NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
 * DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
 * THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
 * (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
	Copyright Motorola, Inc. 1993, 1994\par
	ALL RIGHTS RESERVED\par
	You are hereby granted a copyright license to use, modify, and\par
	distribute the SOFTWARE so long as this entire notice is retained\par
	without alteration in any modified and/or redistributed versions,\par
	and that such modified versions are clearly identified as such.\par
	No licenses are granted by implication, estoppel or otherwise under\par
	any patents or trademarks of Motorola, Inc.\par
	The SOFTWARE is provided on an "AS IS" basis and without warranty.\par
	To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, MOTOROLA DISCLAIMS\par
	ALL WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING IMPLIED\par
	WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
	PURPOSE AND ANY WARRANTY AGAINST INFRINGEMENT WITH\par
	REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE (INCLUDING ANY MODIFIED VERSIONS\par
	THEREOF) AND ANY ACCOMPANYING WRITTEN MATERIALS.\par
	To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, IN NO EVENT SHALL\par
	MOTOROLA BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER\par
	(INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF\par
	BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS\par
	INFORMATION, OR OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OF THE USE OR\par
	INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE.   Motorola assumes no responsibility\par
	for the maintenance and support of the SOFTWARE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (C) 2007 Gerald Van Baren, Custom IDEAS, vanbaren@cideas.com\par
 * Original version written by David Gibson, IBM Corporation.\par
 *\par
 * This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
 * modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License\par
 * as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of\par
 * the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
 *\par
 * This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but\par
 * WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
 * Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
 *\par
 * You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
 * License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software\par
 * Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
 *  Copyright (C) 2003-2006  Christophe Devine\par
 *\par
 *  This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
 *  modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
 *  License, version 2.1 as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
 *\par
 *  This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
 *  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
 *  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
 *  Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
 *\par
 *  You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
 *  License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software\par
 *  Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston,\par
 *  MA	02110-1301  USA\par
 \par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Copyright (C) 2002 ETC s.r.o.\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. Neither the name of the ETC s.r.o. nor the names of its contributors\par
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
 *    without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"\par
 * AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR\par
 * SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER\par
 * CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,\par
 * OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
 * OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 2001 William L. Pitts\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are freely\par
 * permitted provided that the above copyright notice and this\par
 * paragraph and the following disclaimer are duplicated in all\par
 * such forms.\par
 *\par
 * This software is provided "AS IS" and without any express or\par
 * implied warranties, including, without limitation, the implied\par
 * warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular\par
 * purpose.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
  Copyright (C) 1996-2002 Julian R Seward.  All rights reserved.\par
  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
  are met:\par
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
  2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must\par
     not claim that you wrote the original software.  If you use this\par
     software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product\par
     documentation would be appreciated but is not required.\par
  3. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must\par
     not be misrepresented as being the original software.\par
  4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote\par
     products derived from this software without specific prior written\par
     permission.\par
  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS\par
  OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
  WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
  ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
  DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
  DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE\par
  GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
  INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,\par
  WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
  NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
  SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
  Julian Seward, Cambridge, UK.\par
  jseward@acm.org\par
  bzip2/libbzip2 version 1.0 of 21 March 2000\par
  This program is based on (at least) the work of:\par
     Mike Burrows\par
     David Wheeler\par
     Peter Fenwick\par
     Alistair Moffat\par
     Radford Neal\par
     Ian H. Witten\par
     Robert Sedgewick\par
     Jon L. Bentley\par
  For more information on these sources, see the manual.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (c) 1992, 1993\par
 *	The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
 *    without specific prior written permission.\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 * SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 \par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
*  Copyright (C) 2007 Freescale Semiconductor, Inc.\par
*  Jason Jin <Jason.jin@freescale.com>\par
*\par
*		Copyright (C) 1991-2004 SciTech Software, Inc.\par
*		     Copyright (C) David Mosberger-Tang\par
*		       Copyright (C) 1999 Egbert Eich\par
*\par
*  ========================================================================\par
*\par
*  Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and\par
*  its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
*  provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that\par
*  both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in\par
*  supporting documentation, and that the name of the authors not be used\par
*  in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software\par
*  without specific, written prior permission.	The authors makes no\par
*  representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose.\par
*  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
*\par
*  THE AUTHORS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,\par
*  INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO\par
*  EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR\par
*  CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF\par
*  USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR\par
*  OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR\par
*  PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
*  Copyright (C) 2003-2006  Christophe Devine\par
 *\par
 *  This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
 *  modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
 *  License, version 2.1 as published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
 *\par
 *  This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
 *  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
 *  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
 *  Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
 *\par
 *  You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
 *  License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software\par
 *  Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston,\par
 *  MA  02110-1301  USA\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
* Copyright (C) 2002-2007 Aleph One Ltd.\par
 *   for Toby Churchill Ltd and Brightstar Engineering\par
 *\par
 * Created by Charles Manning <charles@aleph1.co.uk>\par
 *\par
 * This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
 * it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1 as\par
 * published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
 *\par
 * Note: Only YAFFS headers are LGPL, YAFFS C code is covered by GPL.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/*\par
 * Copyright 2009 Extreme Engineering Solutions, Inc.\par
 *\par
 * This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
 * modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public\par
 * License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
 * version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
 *\par
 * This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
 * but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
 * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU\par
 * Library General Public License for more details.\par
 *\par
 * You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
 * License along with this software; if not, write to the\par
 * Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA\par
\par
COPYRIGHT TEXT:\par
/* The contents of this file are subject to the Cygnus eCos Public License */\par
/* Version 1.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in */\par
/* compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at */\par
/* http://sourceware.cygnus.com/ecos */\par
/* */\par
/* Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" */\par
/* basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the */\par
/* License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under */\par
/* the License. */\par
/* */\par
/* The Original Code is eCos - Embedded Cygnus Operating System, released */\par
/* September 30, 1998. */\par
/* */\par
/* The Initial Developer of the Original Code is Cygnus.  Portions created */\par
/* by Cygnus are Copyright (C) 1998,1999 Cygnus Solutions.  All Rights Reserved. */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Uncommons Math API - BitString class\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Uncommons Maths \par
Copyright 2006-2009 Daniel W. Dyer (http://www.dandyer.co.uk)\par
\par
The text of the Apache License, Version 2.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
-----------additional terms/text from Daniel W. Dyer-------------------\par
//   Copyright 2006, 2007, 2008, 2008 Daniel W. Dyer\par
//\par
//   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
//   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
//   You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
//\par
//       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
//\par
//   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
//   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
//   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
//   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
//   limitations under the License.\par
// \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Visual C++ Redistributables\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS\par
\par
MICROSOFT VISUAL C++ 2008 RUNTIME LIBRARIES (X86, IA64 AND X64)\par
\par
These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of its affiliates) and you.  Please read them.  They apply to the software named above, which includes the media on which you received it, if any.  The terms also apply to any Microsoft\par
\par
* updates,\par
\par
* supplements,\par
\par
* Internet-based services, and \par
\par
* support services\par
\par
for this software, unless other terms accompany those items.  If so, those terms apply.\par
BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.  IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below.\par
\par
1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.  You may install and use any number of copies of the software on your devices.\par
\par
2. SCOPE OF LICENSE.  The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software.  Microsoft reserves all other rights.  Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement.  In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways.    You may not\par
\par
* disclose the results of any benchmark tests of the software to any third party without Microsoft's prior written approval;\par
\par
* work around any technical limitations in the software;\par
\par
* reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;\par
\par
* make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation;\par
\par
* publish the software for others to copy;\par
\par
* rent, lease or lend the software;\par
\par
* transfer the software or this agreement to any third party; or\par
\par
* use the software for commercial software hosting services.\par
\par
3. BACKUP COPY.  You may make one backup copy of the software.  You may use it only to reinstall the software.\par
\par
4. DOCUMENTATION.  Any person that has valid access to your computer or internal network may copy and use the documentation for your internal, reference purposes.\par
\par
5. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  The software is subject to United States export laws and regulations.  You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software.  These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use.  For additional information, see www.microsoft.com/exporting.\par
\par
6. SUPPORT SERVICES. Because this software is "as is," we may not provide support services for it.\par
\par
7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.\par
\par
8. APPLICABLE LAW.\par
\par
a. United States.  If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws principles.  The laws of the state where you live govern all other claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort.\par
\par
b. Outside the United States.  If you acquired the software in any other country, the laws of that country apply.\par
\par
9. LEGAL EFFECT.  This agreement describes certain legal rights.  You may have other rights under the laws of your country.  You may also have rights with respect to the party from whom you acquired the software.  This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your country if the laws of your country do not permit it to do so.\par
\par
10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.   THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED "AS-IS."  YOU BEAR THE RISK OF USING IT.  MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS.  YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL CONSUMER RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS WHICH THIS AGREEMENT CANNOT CHANGE.  TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.\par
\par
11. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES.  YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $5.00.  YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.\par
This limitation applies to\par
\par
* anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and\par
\par
* claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.\par
It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.  The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
WinPCap\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (c) 1999 - 2005 NetGroup, Politecnico di Torino (Italy).\par
Copyright (c) 2005 - 2009 CACE Technologies, Davis (California).\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the Politecnico di Torino, CACE Technologies nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
This product includes software developed by the University of California, Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory and its contributors.\par
This product includes software developed by the Kungliga Tekniska H\u246ogskolan and its contributors.\par
This product includes software developed by Yen Yen Lim and North Dakota State University.\par
\par
Portions Copyright (c) 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997 The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement: "This product includes software developed by the University of California, Berkeley and its contributors."\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
Portions Copyright (c) 1983 Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are duplicated in all such forms and that any documentation, advertising materials, and other materials related to such distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed by the University of California, Berkeley. The name of the University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. \par
\par
Portions Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 1997 Kungliga Tekniska H\u246ogskolan (Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden). All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement: "This product includes software developed by the Kungliga Tekniska H\u246ogskolan and its contributors."\par
4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INSTITUTE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
Portions Copyright (c) 1997 Yen Yen Lim and North Dakota State University. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement: "This product includes software developed by Yen Yen Lim and North Dakota State University"\par
4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
Portions Copyright (c) 1993 by Digital Equipment Corporation.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies, and that the name of Digital Equipment Corporation not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the document or software without specific, written prior permission.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORP. DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORPORATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. \par
\par
Portions Copyright (C) 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, and 1999 WIDE Project. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. Neither the name of the project nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
Portions Copyright (c) 1996 Juniper Networks, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that: (1) source code distributions retain the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety, (2) distributions including binary code include the above copyright notice and this paragraph in its entirety in the documentation or other materials provided with the distribution. The name of Juniper Networks may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. \par
\par
Portions Copyright (c) 2001 Daniel Hartmeier All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
Portions Copyright 1989 by Carnegie Mellon.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this program for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that this copyright and permission notice appear on all copies and supporting documentation, the name of Carnegie Mellon not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the program without specific prior permission, and notice be given in supporting documentation that copying and distribution is by permission of Carnegie Mellon and Stanford University. Carnegie Mellon makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Xalan C++  XSLT processor\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The Apache Software License, Version 1.1\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1999-2004 The Apache Software Foundation.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
 \par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
 \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, must include the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by the Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."\par
Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself, if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.\par
\par
4. The names "Xalan" and "Apache Software Foundation" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact apache@apache.org.\par
\par
5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache", nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without prior written permission of the Apache Software Foundation.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
====================================================================\par
\par
This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation and was originally based on software copyright (c) 1999, Lotus Development Corporation., http://www.lotus.com.  For more information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see <http://www.apache.org/>.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Xerces-C\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
#\par
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more\par
# contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with\par
# this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.\par
# The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0\par
# (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with\par
# the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
# \par
#      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
# \par
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
# limitations under the License.\par
#\par
\par
Contents of NOTICE\par
\par
   =========================================================================\par
   ==  NOTICE file corresponding to section 4(d) of the Apache License,   ==\par
   ==  Version 2.0, in this case for the Apache Xerces distribution.      ==\par
   =========================================================================\par
\par
   This product includes software developed by\par
   The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).\par
\par
   Portions of this software were originally based on the following:\par
     - software copyright (c) 1999, IBM Corporation., http://www.ibm.com.\par
\par
The text of the Apache License, Version 2.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Xerces C++ XML Parser (AESL)\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright 1999-2004 The Apache Software Foundation.\par
 \par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
 \par
You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
 \par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.\par
\par
The text of the Apache License, Version 2.0, a copy of which is made available below in this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Xerces C++ Parser\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright 1999-2004 The Apache Software Foundation.\par
 \par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
 \par
You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
 \par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.\par
\par
The text of the Apache License, Version 2.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
XML Parser\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
dict.c\par
*************************************************\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2003 Daniel Veillard.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS ANDCONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
Author: daniel@veillard.com\par
\par
hash.c\par
*************************************************\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2000 Bjorn Reese and Daniel Veillard.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIEDWARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OFMERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
Author: breese@users.sourceforge.net\par
\par
list.c\par
*************************************************\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2000 Gary Pennington and Daniel Veillard.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OFMERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS ANDCONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
Author: Gary.Pennington@uk.sun.com\par
\par
trionan.c\par
*************************************************\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2001 Bjorn Reese <breese@users.sourceforge.net>\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OFMERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
triodef.h\par
*************************************************\par
Copyright (C) 2001 Bjorn Reese <breese@users.sourceforge.net>\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
trionan.h\par
*************************************************\par
Copyright (C) 2001 Bjorn Reese <breese@users.sourceforge.net>\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Xml-text-editor\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The text of the Apache License, Version 2.0, a copy of which is made available below in Part Four of this document, was originally presented here, or as applicable, applies to the above-listed file(s).\par
---------------additional terms/text added by Kees de Kooter---------\par
/* \par
   * Copyright 2006-2008 Kees de Kooter \par
   * \par
   * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); \par
   * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. \par
   * You may obtain a copy of the License at \par
   * \par
   *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 \par
   * \par
   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software \par
   * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, \par
   * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. \par
   * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and \par
   * limitations under the License. \par
   */\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
XSLT library\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
libxslt/include/libxslt/triodef.h \par
*************************************************\par
Copyright (C) 2001 Bjorn Reese <breese@users.sourceforge.net>\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
 \par
libxslt/include/libxslt/trio.h\par
*************************************************\par
Copyright (C) 1998 Bjorn Reese and Daniel Stenberg.\par
 \par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
zlib\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (C) 1995-2012 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler\par
(C) 1995-2004 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler\par
\par
This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.\par
\par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
\par
1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required.\par
\par
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.\par
\par
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
\par
  Jean-loup Gailly        Mark Adler\par
  jloup@gzip.org          madler@alumni.caltech.edu\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Part Four: Certain Third-Party Template Licenses.\par
\par
Index:\par
\par
Apache License, version 2.0\par
Centerpoint Public License, version 1.0\par
Common Public License 1.0\par
Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike 2.5 license\par
CYGNUS ECOS PUBLIC LICENSE, Version 1.0 \par
Eclipse Distribution License, version 1.0\par
Eclipse Public License, version 1.0\par
GCC RUNTIME LIBRARY EXCEPTION\par
GNU Free Documentation License, version 1.1\par
GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2\par
GNU General Public License, version 2\par
GNU General Public License, version 3\par
GNU Lesser General Public License, version 2.1\par
GNU Lesser General Public License, version 3\par
GNU Library General Public License, version 2\par
METRO LINK PUBLIC LICENSE\par
Mozilla Public License, version 1.1\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Text of Template Licenses:\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Apache License, version 2.0\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
                                 Apache License\par
                           Version 2.0, January 2004\par
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/\par
\par
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION\par
\par
   1. Definitions.\par
\par
      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,\par
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.\par
\par
      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by\par
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.\par
\par
      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all\par
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common\par
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,\par
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the\par
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or\par
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the\par
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.\par
\par
      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity\par
      exercising permissions granted by this License.\par
\par
      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,\par
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation\par
      source, and configuration files.\par
\par
      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical\par
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but\par
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,\par
      and conversions to other media types.\par
\par
      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or\par
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a\par
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work\par
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).\par
\par
      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object\par
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the\par
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications\par
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes\par
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain\par
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,\par
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.\par
\par
      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including\par
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions\par
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally\par
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner\par
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of\par
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"\par
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent\par
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to\par
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,\par
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the\par
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but\par
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise\par
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."\par
\par
      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity\par
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and\par
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.\par
\par
   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of\par
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,\par
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable\par
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,\par
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the\par
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.\par
\par
   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of\par
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,\par
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable\par
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,\par
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,\par
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable\par
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their\par
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)\par
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You\par
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a\par
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work\par
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct\par
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses\par
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate\par
      as of the date such litigation is filed.\par
\par
   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the\par
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without\par
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You\par
      meet the following conditions:\par
\par
      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or\par
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and\par
\par
      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices\par
          stating that You changed the files; and\par
\par
      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works\par
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and\par
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,\par
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of\par
          the Derivative Works; and\par
\par
      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its\par
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must\par
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained\par
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not\par
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one\par
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed\par
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or\par
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,\par
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and\par
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents\par
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and\par
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution\par
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside\par
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided\par
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed\par
          as modifying the License.\par
\par
      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and\par
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions\par
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or\par
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,\par
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with\par
      the conditions stated in this License.\par
\par
   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,\par
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work\par
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of\par
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.\par
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify\par
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed\par
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.\par
\par
   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade\par
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,\par
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the\par
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.\par
\par
   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or\par
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each\par
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or\par
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions\par
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A\par
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the\par
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any\par
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.\par
\par
   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,\par
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,\par
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly\par
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be\par
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,\par
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a\par
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the\par
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,\par
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all\par
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor\par
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.\par
\par
   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing\par
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,\par
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,\par
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this\par
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only\par
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf\par
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,\par
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability\par
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason\par
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.\par
\par
   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.\par
\par
      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following\par
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"\par
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include\par
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate\par
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a\par
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the\par
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier\par
      identification within third-party archives.\par
\par
   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]\par
\par
   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
   You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
\par
       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
\par
   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
   limitations under the License.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Centerpoint Public License, version 1.0\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
CENTERPOINT PUBLIC LICENSE\par
Version 1.0\par
1. Definitions\par
\par
1.0. "Commercial Use" means distribution or otherwise making the Covered Code available to a third party.\par
1.1. "Contributor" means each entity that creates or contributes to the creation of Modifications.\par
1.2. "Contributor Version" means the combination of the Original Code, prior Modifications used by a Contributor, and the Modifications made by that particular Contributor.\par
1.3. "Covered Code" means the Original Code or Modifications or the combination of the Original Code and Modifications, in each case including portions thereof.\par
1.4. "Electronic Distribution Mechanism" means a mechanism generally accepted in the software development community for the electronic transfer of data.\par
1.5. "Executable" means Covered Code in any form other than Source Code.\par
1.6. "Initial Developer" means the individual or entity identified as the Initial Developer in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A.\par
1.7. "Larger Work" means a work which combines Covered Code or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License.\par
1.8. "License" means this document.\par
1.9. "Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein.\par
1.10. "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion from the substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous Modifications. When Covered Code is released as a series of files, a Modification is:\par
        A. Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original Code or previous Modifications. \par
        B. Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous Modifications. \par
\par
1.11. "Original Code" means Source Code of computer software code which is described in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A as Original Code, and which, at the time of its release under this License is not already Covered Code governed by this License.\par
1.12. "Patent Claims" means any patent claim(s), now owned or hereafter acquired, including without limitation,  method, process, and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by grantor.\par
1.13. "Source Code" means the preferred form of the Covered Code for making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, scripts used to control compilation and installation of an Executable, or source code differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another well known, available Covered Code of the Contributor's choice. The Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form, provided the appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available for no charge.\par
1.14. "You" (or "Your") means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License or a future version of this License issued under Section 6.1. For legal entities, "You" includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You. For purposes of this definition, "control" means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity.\par
\par
2. Source Code License\par
2.1. The Initial Developer Grant\par
The Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property claims:\par
    (a) under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark) Licensable by Initial Developer to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original Code (or portions thereof) with or without Modifications, and/or as part of a Larger Work; and \par
    (b) under Patents Claims infringed by the making, using or selling of Original Code, to make, have made, use, practice, sell, and offer for sale, and/or otherwise dispose of the Original Code (or portions thereof). \par
    (c) the licenses granted in this Section 2.1(a) and (b) are effective on the date Initial Developer first distributes Original Code under the terms of this License. \par
    (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.1 (b) above, no patent license is granted: 1) for code that You delete from the Original Code; 2) separate from the Original Code;  or 3) for infringements caused by: i) the modification of the Original Code or ii) the combination of the Original Code with other software or devices. \par
\par
2.2. Contributor Grant\par
Subject to third party intellectual property claims, each Contributor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license\par
    (a) under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark) Licensable by Contributor, to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Modifications created by such Contributor (or portions thereof) either on an unmodified basis, with other Modifications, as Covered Code and/or as part of a Larger Work; and \par
    (b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using, or selling of Modifications made by that Contributor either alone and/or in combination with its Contributor Version (or portions of such combination), to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have made, and/or otherwise dispose of: 1) Modifications made by that Contributor (or portions thereof); and 2) the combination of  Modifications made by that Contributor with its Contributor Version (or portions of such combination). \par
    (c) the licenses granted in Sections 2.2 (a) and 2.2 (b) are effective on the date Contributor first makes Commercial Use of the Covered Code. \par
    (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.2(b) above, no patent license is granted: 1) for any code that Contributor has deleted from the Contributor Version; 2) separate from the Contributor Version; 3) for infringements caused by: i) third party modifications of Contributor Version or ii) the combination of Modifications made by that Contributor with other software (except as part of the Contributor Version) or other devices; or 4) under Patent Claims infringed by Covered Code in the absence of Modifications made by that Contributor. \par
\par
3. Distribution Obligations\par
3.1. Application of License\par
The Modifications which You create or to which You contribute are governed by the terms of this License, including without limitation Section 2.2.\par
\par
The Source Code version of Covered Code may be distributed only under the terms of this License or a future version of this License released under Section 6.1, and You must include a copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code You distribute. You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code version that alters or restricts the applicable version of this License or the recipients' rights hereunder. However, You may include an additional document offering the additional rights described in Section 3.5.\par
\par
3.2. Availability of Source Code\par
Any Modification which You create or to which You contribute must be made available in Source Code form under the terms of this License either on the same media as an Executable version or via an accepted Electronic Distribution Mechanism to anyone to whom you made an Executable version available; and if made available via Electronic Distribution Mechanism, must remain available for at least twelve (12) months after the date it initially became available, or at least six (6) months after a subsequent version of that particular Modification has been made available to such recipients. You are responsible for ensuring that the Source Code version remains available even if the Electronic Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party.\par
\par
3.3. Description of Modifications\par
You must cause all Covered Code to which You contribute to contain a file documenting the changes You made to create that Covered Code and the date of any change. You must include a prominent statement that the Modification is derived, directly or indirectly, from Original Code provided by the Initial Developer and including the name of the Initial Developer in (a) the Source Code, and (b) in any notice in an Executable version or related documentation in which You describe the origin or ownership of the Covered Code.\par
3.4. Intellectual Property Matters\par
    (a) Third Party Claims\par
    If Contributor has knowledge that a license under a third party's intellectual property rights is required to exercise the rights granted by such Contributor under Sections 2.1 or 2.2, Contributor must include a text file with the Source Code distribution titled "LEGAL" which describes the claim and the party making the claim in sufficient detail that a recipient will know whom to contact. If Contributor obtains such knowledge after the Modification is made available as described in Section 3.2, Contributor shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in all copies Contributor makes available thereafter and shall take other steps (such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups) reasonably calculated to inform those who received the Covered Code that new knowledge has been obtained. \par
    (b) Contributor APIs\par
    If Contributor's Modifications include an application programming interface and Contributor has knowledge of patent licenses which are reasonably necessary to implement that API, Contributor must also include this information in the LEGAL file. \par
    (c) Representations\par
    Contributor represents that, except as disclosed pursuant to Section 3.4 (a) above, Contributor believes that Contributor's Modifications are Contributor's original creation(s) and/or Contributor has sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License. \par
\par
3.5. Required Notices\par
You must duplicate the notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source Code. If it is not possible to put such notice in a particular Source Code file due to its structure, then You must include such notice in a location (such as a relevant directory) where a user would be likely to look for such a notice. If You created one or more Modification(s) You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in Exhibit A. You must also duplicate this License in any documentation for the Source Code where You describe recipients' rights or ownership rights relating to Covered Code. You may choose to offer, and to charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code. However, You may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of the Initial Developer or any Contributor. You must make it absolutely clear than any such warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligation is offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of warranty, support, indemnity or liability terms You offer.\par
\par
3.6. Distribution of Executable Versions\par
You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code, and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License, including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the obligations of Section 3.2.\par
\par
The notice must be conspicuously included in any notice in an Executable version, related documentation or collateral in which You describe recipients' rights relating to the Covered Code. You may distribute the Executable version of Covered Code or ownership rights under a license of Your choice, which may contain terms different from this License, provided that You are in compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the Executable version does not attempt to limit or alter the recipient's rights in the Source Code version from the rights set forth in this License.\par
\par
If You distribute the Executable version under a different license You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ from this License are offered by You alone, not by the Initial Developer or any Contributor. You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such terms You offer.\par
\par
3.7. Larger Works\par
You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger Work as a single product. In such a case, You must make sure the requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code.\par
\par
4. Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation\par
If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to statute, judicial order, or regulation then You must: (a) comply with the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b) describe the limitations and the code they affect. Such description must be included in the LEGAL file described in Section 3.4 and must be included with all distributions of the Source Code. Except to the extent prohibited by statute or regulation, such description must be sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill to be able to understand it.\par
\par
5. Trademark Usage\par
5.1. Advertising Materials\par
\par
All advertising materials mentioning features or use of the Governed Code must display the following acknowledgement: "This product includes software developed by CenterPoint - Connective Software Engineering GmbH."\par
5.2. Endorsements\par
\par
The names "CenterPoint" and "CenterPoint - Connective Software Engineering GmbH." must not be used to endorse or promote Contributor Versions or Larger Works without the prior written permission of CenterPoint - Connective Software Engineering GmbH.\par
\par
5.3. Product Names\par
\par
Contributor Versions and Larger Works may not be called "CenterPoint" nor may the word "CenterPoint" appear in their names without prior written permission of CenterPoint - Connective Software Engineering GmbH.\par
\par
6. Versions of the License\par
\par
6.1. New Versions\par
CenterPoint - Connective Software Engineering GmbH. ("CenterPoint") may publish revised and/or new versions of the License from time to time. Each version will be given a distinguishing version number.\par
\par
6.2. Effect of New Versions\par
Once Covered Code has been published under a particular version of the License, You may always continue to use it under the terms of that version. You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms of any subsequent version of the License published by CenterPoint. No one other than CenterPoint has the right to modify the terms applicable to Covered Code created under this License.\par
\par
7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY\par
COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED UNDER THIS LICENSE ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE COVERED CODE IS FREE OF DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU. SHOULD ANY COVERED CODE PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT, YOU (NOT THE INITIAL DEVELOPER OR ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR) ASSUME THE COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF ANY COVERED CODE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.\par
\par
8. TERMINATION\par
\par
8.1. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All sublicenses to the Covered Code which are properly granted shall survive any termination of this License. Provisions which, by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License shall survive.\par
\par
8.2. If You initiate litigation by asserting a patent infringement claim (excluding declatory judgment actions) against Initial Developer or a Contributor (the Initial Developer or Contributor against whom You file such action is referred to as "Participant") alleging that:\par
    (a) such Participant's Contributor Version directly or indirectly infringes any patent, then any and all rights granted by such Participant to You under Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 of this License shall, upon 60 days notice from Participant terminate prospectively, unless if within 60 days after receipt of notice You either: (i) agree in writing to pay Participant a mutually agreeable reasonable royalty for Your past and future use of Modifications made by such Participant, or (ii) withdraw Your litigation claim with respect to the Contributor Version against such Participant. If within 60 days of notice, a reasonable royalty and payment arrangement are not mutually agreed upon in writing by the parties or the litigation claim is not withdrawn, the rights granted by Participant to You under Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 automatically terminate at the expiration of the 60 day notice period specified above. \par
    (b) any software, hardware, or device, other than such Participant's Contributor Version, directly or indirectly infringes any patent, then any rights granted to You by such Participant under Sections 2.1 (b) and 2.2 (b) are revoked effective as of the date You first made, used, sold, distributed, or had made, Modifications made by that Participant. \par
\par
8.3. If You assert a patent infringement claim against Participant alleging that such Participant's Contributor Version directly or indirectly infringes any patent where such claim is resolved (such as by license or settlement) prior to the initiation of patent infringement litigation, then the reasonable value of the licenses granted by such Participant under Sections 2.1 or 2.2 shall be taken into account in determining the amount or value of any payment or license.\par
\par
8.4. In the event of termination under Sections 8.1 or 8.2 above, all end user license agreements (excluding distributors and resellers) which have been validly granted by You or any distributor hereunder prior to termination shall survive termination.\par
\par
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY\par
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL YOU, THE INITIAL DEVELOPER, ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY DISTRIBUTOR OF COVERED CODE, OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES, BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.\par
\par
10. U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS\par
The Covered Code is a "commercial item", as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only those rights set forth herein.\par
\par
11. MISCELLANEOUS\par
This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable. This license shall be governed by the Laws of Austria. Disputes shall be settled by an Austrian Court. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. Any law or regulation which provides that the language of a contract shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this License.\par
\par
12. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS\par
As between Initial Developer and the Contributors, each party is responsible for claims and damages arising, directly or indirectly, out of its utilization of rights under this License and You agree to work with Initial Developer and Contributors to distribute such responsibility on an equitable basis. Nothing herein is intended or shall be deemed to constitute any admission of liability.\par
EXHIBIT A - CenterPoint Public License\par
\par
The contents of this file are subject to the CenterPoint Public License Version 1.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.cpointc.com/CPL/\par
\par
Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the License.\par
\par
The Original Code is ______________________________________.\par
\par
The Initial Developer of the Original Code is CenterPoint - Connective Software Engineering GmbH. Portions created by CenterPoint - Connective Software Engineering GmbH. are Copyright \u169C 1998-2000 CenterPoint - Connective Software Engineering GmbH. All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
Contributor(s): ______________________________________.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Common Public License 1.0\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Common Public License (CPL) -- V1.0\par
\par
03 May 2005\par
Updated 16 Apr 2009\par
\par
As of 25 Feb 2009, IBM has assigned the Agreement Steward role for the CPL to the Eclipse Foundation. Eclipse has designated the Eclipse Public License (EPL) as the follow-on version of the CPL.\par
\par
THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS COMMON PUBLIC LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.\par
\par
1.	DEFINITIONS \par
\par
"Contribution" means:\par
\par
a. in the case of the initial Contributor, the initial code and documentation distributed under this Agreement, and\par
b. in the case of each subsequent Contributor:\par
i. changes to the Program, and\par
ii. additions to the Program;\par
where such changes and/or additions to the Program originate from and are distributed by that particular Contributor. A Contribution 'originates' from a Contributor if it was added to the Program by such Contributor itself or anyone acting on such Contributor's behalf. Contributions do not include additions to the Program which: (i) are separate modules of software distributed in conjunction with the Program under their own license agreement, and (ii) are not derivative works of the Program.\par
"Contributor" means any person or entity that distributes the Program.\par
\par
"Licensed Patents " mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor which are necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or when combined with the Program.\par
\par
"Program" means the Contributions distributed in accordance with this Agreement.\par
\par
"Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this Agreement, including all Contributors.\par
\par
2.	GRANT OF RIGHTS \par
\par
a. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, distribute and sublicense the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, and such derivative works, in source code and object code form.\par
\par
b. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under Licensed Patents to make, use, sell, offer to sell, import and otherwise transfer the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, in source code and object code form. This patent license shall apply to the combination of the Contribution and the Program if, at the time the Contribution is added by the Contributor, such addition of the Contribution causes such combination to be covered by the Licensed Patents. The patent license shall not apply to any other combinations which include the Contribution. No hardware per se is licensed hereunder.\par
\par
c. Recipient understands that although each Contributor grants the licenses to its Contributions set forth herein, no assurances are provided by any Contributor that the Program does not infringe the patent or other intellectual property rights of any other entity. Each Contributor disclaims any liability to Recipient for claims brought by any other entity based on infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise. As a condition to exercising the rights and licenses granted hereunder, each Recipient hereby assumes sole responsibility to secure any other intellectual property rights needed, if any. For example, if a third party patent license is required to allow Recipient to distribute the Program, it is Recipient's responsibility to acquire that license before distributing the Program.\par
\par
d. Each Contributor represents that to its knowledge it has sufficient copyright rights in its Contribution, if any, to grant the copyright license set forth in this Agreement.\par
\par
3.	REQUIREMENTS \par
A Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form under its own license agreement, provided that:\par
\par
a. it complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and\par
\par
b. its license agreement:\par
\par
i. effectively disclaims on behalf of all Contributors all warranties and conditions, express and implied, including warranties or conditions of title and non-infringement, and implied warranties or conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose;\par
\par
ii. effectively excludes on behalf of all Contributors all liability for damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental and consequential damages, such as lost profits;\par
\par
iii. states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement are offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other party; and\par
\par
iv. states that source code for the Program is available from such Contributor, and informs licensees how to obtain it in a reasonable manner on or through a medium customarily used for software exchange.\par
\par
When the Program is made available in source code form:\par
\par
a. it must be made available under this Agreement; and\par
\par
b. a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the Program.\par
\par
Contributors may not remove or alter any copyright notices contained within the Program.\par
\par
Each Contributor must identify itself as the originator of its Contribution, if any, in a manner that reasonably allows subsequent Recipients to identify the originator of the Contribution.\par
\par
4.	COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION \par
Commercial distributors of software may accept certain responsibilities with respect to end users, business partners and the like. While this license is intended to facilitate the commercial use of the Program, the Contributor who includes the Program in a commercial product offering should do so in a manner which does not create potential liability for other Contributors. Therefore, if a Contributor includes the Program in a commercial product offering, such Contributor ("Commercial Contributor") hereby agrees to defend and indemnify every other Contributor ("Indemnified Contributor") against any losses, damages and costs (collectively "Losses") arising from claims, lawsuits and other legal actions brought by a third party against the Indemnified Contributor to the extent caused by the acts or omissions of such Commercial Contributor in connection with its distribution of the Program in a commercial product offering. The obligations in this section do not apply to any claims or Losses relating to any actual or alleged intellectual property infringement. In order to qualify, an Indemnified Contributor must: a) promptly notify the Commercial Contributor in writing of such claim, and b) allow the Commercial Contributor to control, and cooperate with the Commercial Contributor in, the defense and any related settlement negotiations. The Indemnified Contributor may participate in any such claim at its own expense.\par
\par
For example, a Contributor might include the Program in a commercial product offering, Product X. That Contributor is then a Commercial Contributor. If that Commercial Contributor then makes performance claims, or offers warranties related to Product X, those performance claims and warranties are such Commercial Contributor's responsibility alone. Under this section, the Commercial Contributor would have to defend claims against the other Contributors related to those performance claims and warranties, and if a court requires any other Contributor to pay any damages as a result, the Commercial Contributor must pay those damages. \par
\par
5.	NO WARRANTY \par
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each Recipient is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and distributing the Program and assumes all risks associated with its exercise of rights under this Agreement, including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and unavailability or interruption of operations.\par
\par
6.	DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY \par
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\par
\par
GENERAL \par
If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms of this Agreement, and without further action by the parties hereto, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable.\par
\par
If Recipient institutes patent litigation against a Contributor with respect to a patent applicable to software (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit), then any patent licenses granted by that Contributor to such Recipient under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed. In addition, if Recipient institutes patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Program itself (excluding combinations of the Program with other software or hardware) infringes such Recipient's patent(s), then such Recipient's rights granted under Section 2(b) shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.\par
\par
All Recipient's rights under this Agreement shall terminate if it fails to comply with any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and does not cure such failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming aware of such noncompliance. If all Recipient's rights under this Agreement terminate, Recipient agrees to cease use and distribution of the Program as soon as reasonably practicable. However, Recipient's obligations under this Agreement and any licenses granted by Recipient relating to the Program shall continue and survive.\par
\par
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute copies of this Agreement, but in order to avoid inconsistency the Agreement is copyrighted and may only be modified in the following manner. The Agreement Steward reserves the right to publish new versions (including revisions) of this Agreement from time to time. No one other than the Agreement Steward has the right to modify this Agreement. IBM is the initial Agreement Steward. IBM may assign the responsibility to serve as the Agreement Steward to a suitable separate entity. Each new version of the Agreement will be given a distinguishing version number. The Program (including Contributions) may always be distributed subject to the version of the Agreement under which it was received. In addition, after a new version of the Agreement is published, Contributor may elect to distribute the Program (including its Contributions) under the new version. Except as expressly stated in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, Recipient receives no rights or licenses to the intellectual property of any Contributor under this Agreement, whether expressly, by implication, estoppel or otherwise. All rights in the Program not expressly granted under this Agreement are reserved.\par
\par
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York and the intellectual property laws of the United States of America. No party to this Agreement will bring a legal action under this Agreement more than one year after the cause of action arose. Each party waives its rights to a jury trial in any resulting litigation.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike 2.5 license \par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Contents of Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike 2.5 license\par
------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Creative Commons Legal Code\par
\par
Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5\par
CREATIVE COMMONS CORPORATION IS NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE LEGAL SERVICES. DISTRIBUTION OF THIS LICENSE DOES NOT CREATE AN ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP. CREATIVE COMMONS PROVIDES THIS INFORMATION ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. CREATIVE COMMONS MAKES NO WARRANTIES REGARDING THE INFORMATION PROVIDED, AND DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM ITS USE.\par
\par
License\par
\par
THE WORK (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS CREATIVE COMMONS PUBLIC LICENSE ("CCPL" OR "LICENSE"). THE WORK IS PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND/OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW. ANY USE OF THE WORK OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS PROHIBITED.\par
\par
BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK PROVIDED HERE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. THE LICENSOR GRANTS YOU THE RIGHTS CONTAINED HERE IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS.\par
\par
1. Definitions\par
\par
   1. "Collective Work" means a work, such as a periodical issue, anthology or encyclopedia, in which the Work in its entirety in unmodified form, along with a number of other contributions, constituting separate and independent works in themselves, are assembled into a collective whole. A work that constitutes a Collective Work will not be considered a Derivative Work (as defined below) for the purposes of this License.\par
   2. "Derivative Work" means a work based upon the Work or upon the Work and other pre-existing works, such as a translation, musical arrangement, dramatization, fictionalization, motion picture version, sound recording, art reproduction, abridgment, condensation, or any other form in which the Work may be recast, transformed, or adapted, except that a work that constitutes a Collective Work will not be considered a Derivative Work for the purpose of this License. For the avoidance of doubt, where the Work is a musical composition or sound recording, the synchronization of the Work in timed-relation with a moving image ("synching") will be considered a Derivative Work for the purpose of this License.\par
   3. "Licensor" means the individual or entity that offers the Work under the terms of this License.\par
   4. "Original Author" means the individual or entity who created the Work.\par
   5. "Work" means the copyrightable work of authorship offered under the terms of this License.\par
   6. "You" means an individual or entity exercising rights under this License who has not previously violated the terms of this License with respect to the Work, or who has received express permission from the Licensor to exercise rights under this License despite a previous violation.\par
   7. "License Elements" means the following high-level license attributes as selected by Licensor and indicated in the title of this License: Attribution, ShareAlike.\par
\par
2. Fair Use Rights. Nothing in this license is intended to reduce, limit, or restrict any rights arising from fair use, first sale or other limitations on the exclusive rights of the copyright owner under copyright law or other applicable laws.\par
\par
3. License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright) license to exercise the rights in the Work as stated below:\par
\par
   1. to reproduce the Work, to incorporate the Work into one or more Collective Works, and to reproduce the Work as incorporated in the Collective Works;\par
   2. to create and reproduce Derivative Works;\par
   3. to distribute copies or phonorecords of, display publicly, perform publicly, and perform publicly by means of a digital audio transmission the Work including as incorporated in Collective Works;\par
   4. to distribute copies or phonorecords of, display publicly, perform publicly, and perform publicly by means of a digital audio transmission Derivative Works.\par
   5.\par
\par
      For the avoidance of doubt, where the work is a musical composition:\par
         1. Performance Royalties Under Blanket Licenses. Licensor waives the exclusive right to collect, whether individually or via a performance rights society (e.g. ASCAP, BMI, SESAC), royalties for the public performance or public digital performance (e.g. webcast) of the Work.\par
         2. Mechanical Rights and Statutory Royalties. Licensor waives the exclusive right to collect, whether individually or via a music rights society or designated agent (e.g. Harry Fox Agency), royalties for any phonorecord You create from the Work ("cover version") and distribute, subject to the compulsory license created by 17 USC Section 115 of the US Copyright Act (or the equivalent in other jurisdictions).\par
   6. Webcasting Rights and Statutory Royalties. For the avoidance of doubt, where the Work is a sound recording, Licensor waives the exclusive right to collect, whether individually or via a performance-rights society (e.g. SoundExchange), royalties for the public digital performance (e.g. webcast) of the Work, subject to the compulsory license created by 17 USC Section 114 of the US Copyright Act (or the equivalent in other jurisdictions).\par
\par
The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised. The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats. All rights not expressly granted by Licensor are hereby reserved.\par
\par
4. Restrictions.The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited by the following restrictions:\par
\par
   1. You may distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, or publicly digitally perform the Work only under the terms of this License, and You must include a copy of, or the Uniform Resource Identifier for, this License with every copy or phonorecord of the Work You distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, or publicly digitally perform. You may not offer or impose any terms on the Work that alter or restrict the terms of this License or the recipients' exercise of the rights granted hereunder. You may not sublicense the Work. You must keep intact all notices that refer to this License and to the disclaimer of warranties. You may not distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, or publicly digitally perform the Work with any technological measures that control access or use of the Work in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this License Agreement. The above applies to the Work as incorporated in a Collective Work, but this does not require the Collective Work apart from the Work itself to be made subject to the terms of this License. If You create a Collective Work, upon notice from any Licensor You must, to the extent practicable, remove from the Collective Work any credit as required by clause 4(c), as requested. If You create a Derivative Work, upon notice from any Licensor You must, to the extent practicable, remove from the Derivative Work any credit as required by clause 4(c), as requested.\par
   2. You may distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, or publicly digitally perform a Derivative Work only under the terms of this License, a later version of this License with the same License Elements as this License, or a Creative Commons iCommons license that contains the same License Elements as this License (e.g. Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 Japan). You must include a copy of, or the Uniform Resource Identifier for, this License or other license specified in the previous sentence with every copy or phonorecord of each Derivative Work You distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, or publicly digitally perform. You may not offer or impose any terms on the Derivative Works that alter or restrict the terms of this License or the recipients' exercise of the rights granted hereunder, and You must keep intact all notices that refer to this License and to the disclaimer of warranties. You may not distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, or publicly digitally perform the Derivative Work with any technological measures that control access or use of the Work in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this License Agreement. The above applies to the Derivative Work as incorporated in a Collective Work, but this does not require the Collective Work apart from the Derivative Work itself to be made subject to the terms of this License.\par
   3. If you distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, or publicly digitally perform the Work or any Derivative Works or Collective Works, You must keep intact all copyright notices for the Work and provide, reasonable to the medium or means You are utilizing: (i) the name of the Original Author (or pseudonym, if applicable) if supplied, and/or (ii) if the Original Author and/or Licensor designate another party or parties (e.g. a sponsor institute, publishing entity, journal) for attribution in Licensor's copyright notice, terms of service or by other reasonable means, the name of such party or parties; the title of the Work if supplied; to the extent reasonably practicable, the Uniform Resource Identifier, if any, that Licensor specifies to be associated with the Work, unless such URI does not refer to the copyright notice or licensing information for the Work; and in the case of a Derivative Work, a credit identifying the use of the Work in the Derivative Work (e.g., "French translation of the Work by Original Author," or "Screenplay based on original Work by Original Author"). Such credit may be implemented in any reasonable manner; provided, however, that in the case of a Derivative Work or Collective Work, at a minimum such credit will appear where any other comparable authorship credit appears and in a manner at least as prominent as such other comparable authorship credit.\par
\par
5. Representations, Warranties and Disclaimer\par
\par
UNLESS OTHERWISE AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES IN WRITING, LICENSOR OFFERS THE WORK AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MATERIALS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.\par
\par
6. Limitation on Liability. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\par
\par
7. Termination\par
\par
   1. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically upon any breach by You of the terms of this License. Individuals or entities who have received Derivative Works or Collective Works from You under this License, however, will not have their licenses terminated provided such individuals or entities remain in full compliance with those licenses. Sections 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, and 8 will survive any termination of this License.\par
   2. Subject to the above terms and conditions, the license granted here is perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright in the Work). Notwithstanding the above, Licensor reserves the right to release the Work under different license terms or to stop distributing the Work at any time; provided, however that any such election will not serve to withdraw this License (or any other license that has been, or is required to be, granted under the terms of this License), and this License will continue in full force and effect unless terminated as stated above.\par
\par
8. Miscellaneous\par
\par
   1. Each time You distribute or publicly digitally perform the Work or a Collective Work, the Licensor offers to the recipient a license to the Work on the same terms and conditions as the license granted to You under this License.\par
   2. Each time You distribute or publicly digitally perform a Derivative Work, Licensor offers to the recipient a license to the original Work on the same terms and conditions as the license granted to You under this License.\par
   3. If any provision of this License is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms of this License, and without further action by the parties to this agreement, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable.\par
   4. No term or provision of this License shall be deemed waived and no breach consented to unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing and signed by the party to be charged with such waiver or consent.\par
   5. This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the Work licensed here. There are no understandings, agreements or representations with respect to the Work not specified here. Licensor shall not be bound by any additional provisions that may appear in any communication from You. This License may not be modified without the mutual written agreement of the Licensor and You.\par
\par
Creative Commons is not a party to this License, and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work. Creative Commons will not be liable to You or any party on any legal theory for any damages whatsoever, including without limitation any general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising in connection to this license. Notwithstanding the foregoing two (2) sentences, if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder, it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor.\par
\par
Except for the limited purpose of indicating to the public that the Work is licensed under the CCPL, neither party will use the trademark "Creative Commons" or any related trademark or logo of Creative Commons without the prior written consent of Creative Commons. Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons' then-current trademark usage guidelines, as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time.\par
\par
Creative Commons may be contacted at http://creativecommons.org/.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
CYGNUS ECOS PUBLIC LICENSE, Version 1.0\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
CYGNUS ECOS PUBLIC LICENSE    Version 1.0\par
\par
\par
1. DEFINITIONS.\par
\par
     1.1. "Contributor" means each entity that creates or\par
contributes to the creation of Modifications.\par
\par
     1.2. "Contributor Version" means the combination of\par
the Original Code, prior Modifications used by a\par
Contributor, and the Modifications made by that particular\par
Contributor.\par
\par
     1.3. "Covered Code" means the Original Code or\par
Modifications or the combination of the Original Code and\par
Modifications, in each case including portions thereof.\par
\par
     1.4. "Electronic Distribution Mechanism" means a\par
mechanism generally accepted in the software development\par
community for the electronic transfer of data.\par
\par
     1.5. "Executable" means Covered Code in any form other\par
than Source Code.\par
\par
     1.6. "Initial Developer" means the individual or\par
entity identified as the Initial Developer in the Source\par
Code notice required by Exhibit A.\par
\par
     1.7. "Larger Work" means a work which combines Covered\par
Code or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms\par
of this License.\par
\par
     1.8. "License" means this document.\par
\par
     1.9. "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion\par
from the substance or structure of either the Original Code\par
or any previous Modifications. When Covered Code is released\par
as a series of files, a Modification is:\par
\par
          A. Any addition to or deletion from the contents\par
of a file containing Original Code or previous\par
Modifications.\par
\par
          B. Any new file that contains any part of the\par
Original Code or previous Modifications.\par
\par
     1.10. "Original Code" means Source Code of computer\par
software code which is described in the Source Code notice\par
required by Exhibit A as Original Code, and which, at the\par
time of its release under this License is not already\par
Covered Code governed by this License.\par
\par
     1.11. "Source Code" means the preferred form of the\par
Covered Code for making modifications to it, including all\par
modules it contains, plus any associated interface\par
definition files, scripts used to control compilation and\par
installation of an Executable, or a list of source code\par
differential comparisons against either the Original Code or\par
another well known, available Covered Code of the\par
Contributor's choice. The Source Code can be in a compressed\par
or archival form, provided the appropriate decompression or\par
de-archiving software is widely available for no charge.\par
\par
     1.12. "You" means an individual or a legal entity\par
exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms\par
of, this License or a future version of this License issued\par
under Section 6.1. For legal entities, "You" includes any\par
entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common\par
control with You. For purposes of this definition,\par
"control" means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause\par
the direction or management of such entity, whether by\par
contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of fifty percent\par
(50%) or more of the outstanding shares or beneficial\par
ownership of such entity.\par
\par
     1.13. "Cygnus's Branded Code" is code that Cygnus\par
Solutions ("Cygnus") distributes and/or permits others to\par
distribute under different terms than the Cygnus eCos Public\par
License. Cygnus's Branded Code may contain part or all of\par
the Covered Code.\par
\par
2. SOURCE CODE LICENSE.\par
\par
     2.1. The Initial Developer Grant.\par
     The Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide,\par
royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party\par
intellectual property claims:\par
\par
          (a) to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform,\par
sublicense and distribute the Original Code (or portions\par
thereof) with or without Modifications, or as part of a\par
Larger Work; and\par
\par
          (b) under patents now or hereafter owned or\par
controlled by Initial Developer, to make, have made, use and\par
sell ("Utilize") the Original Code (or portions thereof),\par
but solely to the extent that any such patent is reasonably\par
necessary to enable You to Utilize the Original Code (or\par
portions thereof) and not to any greater extent that may be\par
necessary to Utilize further Modifications or combinations.\par
\par
     2.2. Contributor Grant.\par
     Each Contributor hereby grants You a world-wide,\par
royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party\par
intellectual property claims:\par
\par
          (a) to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform,\par
sublicense and distribute the Modifications created by such\par
Contributor (or portions thereof) either on an unmodified\par
basis, with other Modifications, as Covered Code or as part\par
of a Larger Work; and\par
\par
          (b) under patents now or hereafter owned or\par
controlled by Contributor, to Utilize the Contributor\par
Version (or portions thereof), but solely to the extent that\par
any such patent is reasonably necessary to enable You to\par
Utilize the Contributor Version (or portions thereof), and\par
not to any greater extent that may be necessary to Utilize\par
further Modifications or combinations.\par
\par
3. DISTRIBUTION OBLIGATIONS.\par
\par
     3.1. Application of License.\par
     The Modifications which You create or to which You\par
contribute are governed by the terms of this License,\par
including without limitation Section 2.2. The Source Code\par
version of Covered Code may be distributed only under the\par
terms of this License or a future version of this License\par
released under Section 6.1, and You must include a copy of\par
this License with every copy of the Source Code You\par
distribute. You may not offer or impose any terms on any\par
Source Code version that alters or restricts the applicable\par
version of this License or the recipients' rights hereunder.\par
However, You may include an additional document offering the\par
additional rights described in Section 3.5.\par
\par
     3.2. Availability of Source Code.\par
     Any Modification which You create or to which You\par
contribute must be made available in Source Code form under\par
the terms of this License via an accepted Electronic\par
Distribution Mechanism to anyone to whom you made an\par
Executable version available and to the Initial Developer;\par
and if made available via Electronic Distribution Mechanism,\par
must remain available for at least twelve (12) months after\par
the date it initially became available, or at least six (6)\par
months after a subsequent version of that particular\par
Modification has been made available to such recipients. You\par
are responsible for ensuring that the Source Code version\par
remains available even if the Electronic Distribution\par
Mechanism is maintained by a third party. You are\par
responsible for notifying the Initial Developer of the\par
Modification and the location of the Source if a contact\par
means is provided. Cygnus will be acting as maintainer of\par
the Source and may provide an Electronic Distribution\par
mechanism for the Modification to be made available. You can\par
contact Cygnus to make the Modification available and to\par
notify the Initial Developer. (http://sourceware.cygnus.com/ecos)\par
\par
     3.3. Description of Modifications.\par
     You must cause all Covered Code to which you contribute\par
to contain a file documenting the changes You made to create\par
that Covered Code and the date of any change. You must\par
include a prominent statement that the Modification is\par
derived, directly or indirectly, from Original Code provided\par
by the Initial Developer and including the name of the\par
Initial Developer in (a) the Source Code, and (b) in any\par
notice in an Executable version or related documentation in\par
which You describe the origin or ownership of the Covered\par
Code.\par
\par
     3.4. Intellectual Property Matters\par
\par
          (a) Third Party Claims.\par
          If You have knowledge that a party claims an\par
intellectual property right in particular functionality or\par
code (or its utilization under this License), you must\par
include a text file with the source code distribution titled\par
"LEGAL" which describes the claim and the party making the\par
claim in sufficient detail that a recipient will know whom\par
to contact. If you obtain such knowledge after You make Your\par
Modification available as described in Section 3.2, You\par
shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in all copies You make\par
available thereafter and shall take other steps (such as\par
notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups)\par
reasonably calculated to inform those who received the\par
Covered Code that new knowledge has been obtained.\par
\par
          (b) Contributor APIs.\par
          If Your Modification is an application programming\par
interface and You own or control patents which are\par
reasonably necessary to implement that API, you must also\par
include this information in the LEGAL file.\par
\par
     3.5. Required Notices.\par
     You must duplicate the notice in Exhibit A in each file\par
of the Source Code, and this License in any documentation\par
for the Source Code, where You describe recipients' rights\par
relating to Covered Code. If You created one or more\par
Modification(s), You may add your name as a Contributor to\par
the Source Code. If it is not possible to put such notice in\par
a particular Source Code file due to its structure, then you\par
must include such notice in a location (such as a relevant\par
directory file) where a user would be likely to look for\par
such a notice. You may choose to offer, and to charge a fee\par
for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligations\par
to one or more recipients of Covered Code.\par
     However, You may do so only on Your own behalf, and not\par
on behalf of the Initial Developer or any Contributor. You\par
must make it absolutely clear that any such warranty,\par
support, indemnity or liability obligation is offered by You\par
alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial\par
Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred\par
by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of\par
warranty, support, indemnity or liability terms You offer.\par
\par
     3.6. Distribution of Executable Versions.\par
     You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only\par
if the requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for\par
that Covered Code, and if You include a notice stating that\par
the Source Code version of the Covered Code is available\par
under the terms of this License, including a description of\par
how and where You have fulfilled the obligations of Section\par
3.2. The notice must be conspicuously included in any notice\par
in an Executable version, related documentation or\par
collateral in which You describe recipients' rights relating\par
to the Covered Code. You may distribute the Executable\par
version of Covered Code under a license of Your choice,\par
which may contain terms different from this License,\par
provided that You are in compliance with the terms of this\par
License and that the license for the Executable version does\par
not attempt to limit or alter the recipient's rights in the\par
Source Code version from the rights set forth in this\par
License. If You distribute the Executable version under a\par
different license You must make it absolutely clear that any\par
terms which differ from this License are offered by You\par
alone, not by the Initial Developer or any Contributor. You\par
hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every\par
Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial\par
Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such terms\par
You offer.\par
     If you distribute executable versions containing\par
Covered Code, you must reproduce the notice in Exhibit B in\par
the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
product.\par
\par
     3.7. Larger Works.\par
     You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code\par
with other code not governed by the terms of this License\par
and distribute the Larger Work as a single product. In such\par
a case, You must make sure the requirements of this License\par
are fulfilled for the Covered Code.\par
\par
4. INABILITY TO COMPLY DUE TO STATUTE OR REGULATION.\par
\par
     If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the\par
terms of this License with respect to some or all of the\par
Covered Code due to statute or regulation then You must: (a)\par
comply with the terms of this License to the maximum extent\par
possible; (b) cite the statute or regulation that prohibits\par
you from adhering to the license; and (c) describe the\par
limitations and the code they affect. Such description must\par
be included in the LEGAL file described in Section 3.4 and\par
must be included with all distributions of the Source Code.\par
Except to the extent prohibited by statute or regulation,\par
such description must be sufficiently detailed for a\par
recipient of ordinary skill to be able to understand it. You\par
must submit this LEGAL file to Cygnus for review, and You\par
will not be able use the covered code in any means until\par
permission is granted from Cygnus to allow for the inability\par
to comply due to statute or regulation.\par
\par
5. APPLICATION OF THIS LICENSE.\par
\par
     This License applies to code to which the Initial\par
Developer has attached the notice in Exhibit A, and to\par
related Covered Code.\par
      Cygnus may include Covered Code in products without\par
such additional products becoming subject to the terms of\par
this License, and may license such additional products on\par
different terms from those contained in this License.\par
     Cygnus may license the Source Code of Cygnus's Branded\par
Code without Cygnus's Branded Code becoming subject to the\par
terms of this License, and may license Cygnus's Branded Code\par
on different terms from those contained in this License.\par
Contact Cygnus for details of alternate licensing terms\par
available.\par
\par
6. VERSIONS OF THE LICENSE.\par
\par
     6.1. New Versions.\par
     Cygnus may publish revised and/or new versions of the\par
License from time to time. Each version will be given a\par
distinguishing version number.\par
\par
     6.2. Effect of New Versions.\par
     Once Covered Code has been published under a particular\par
version of the License, You may always continue to use it\par
under the terms of that version. You may also choose to use\par
such Covered Code under the terms of any subsequent version\par
of the License published by Cygnus. No one other than Cygnus\par
has the right to modify the terms applicable to Covered Code\par
beyond what is granted under this and subsequent Licenses.\par
\par
     6.3. Derivative Works.\par
     If you create or use a modified version of this License\par
(which you may only do in order to apply it to code which is\par
not already Covered Code governed by this License), you must\par
(a) rename Your license so that the phrases "ECOS", "eCos",\par
"Cygnus", "CPL" or any confusingly similar phrase do not\par
appear anywhere in your license and (b) otherwise make it\par
clear that your version of the license contains terms which\par
differ from the eCos Public License and Cygnus Public\par
License. (Filling in the name of the Initial Developer,\par
Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in\par
Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be\par
modifications of this License.)\par
\par
7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.\par
\par
     COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED UNDER THIS LICENSE ON AN "AS\par
IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT\par
THE COVERED CODE IS FREE OF DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A\par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO\par
THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU.\par
SHOULD ANY COVERED CODE PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT, YOU\par
(NOT THE INITIAL DEVELOPER OR ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR) ASSUME\par
THE COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.\par
THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF\par
THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF ANY COVERED CODE IS AUTHORIZED\par
HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.\par
\par
8. TERMINATION.\par
\par
     This License and the rights granted hereunder will\par
terminate automatically if You fail to comply with terms\par
herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of\par
becoming aware of the breach. All sublicenses to the Covered\par
Code which are properly granted shall survive any\par
termination of this License. Provisions which, by their\par
nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this\par
License shall survive.\par
\par
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.\par
\par
     UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY,\par
WHETHER TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE,\par
SHALL THE INITIAL DEVELOPER, ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY\par
DISTRIBUTOR OF COVERED CODE, OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH\par
PARTIES, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY\par
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF\par
ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR\par
LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR\par
MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR\par
LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY\par
SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY\par
RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT\par
APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS\par
DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THAT EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY\par
NOT APPLY TO YOU.\par
\par
10. U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS.\par
\par
     The Covered Code is a "commercial item," as that term\par
is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of\par
"commercial computer software" and "commercial computer\par
software documentation," as such terms are used in 48\par
C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212\par
and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all\par
U.S. Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only\par
those rights set forth herein.\par
\par
11. MISCELLANEOUS.\par
\par
     This License represents the complete agreement\par
concerning subject matter hereof. If any provision of this\par
License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be\par
reformed only to the extent necessary to make it\par
enforceable. This License shall be governed by California\par
law provisions (except to the extent applicable law, if any,\par
provides otherwise), excluding its conflict-of-law\par
provisions. With respect to disputes in which at least one\par
party is a citizen of, or an entity chartered or registered\par
to do business in, the United States of America: (a) unless\par
otherwise agreed in writing, all disputes relating to this\par
License (excepting any dispute relating to intellectual\par
property rights) shall be subject to final and binding\par
arbitration, with the losing party paying all costs of\par
arbitration; (b) any arbitration relating to this Agreement\par
shall be held in Santa Clara County, California, under the\par
auspices of JAMS/EndDispute; and (c) any litigation relating\par
to this Agreement shall be subject to the jurisdiction of\par
the Federal Courts of the Northern District of California,\par
with venue lying in Santa Clara County, California, with the\par
losing party responsible for costs, including without\par
limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and\par
expenses. The application of the United Nations Convention\par
on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is\par
expressly excluded. Any law or regulation which provides\par
that the language of a contract shall be construed against\par
the drafter shall not apply to this License.\par
\par
12. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS.\par
\par
     Except in cases where another Contributor has failed to\par
comply with Section 3.4, You are responsible for damages\par
arising, directly or indirectly, out of Your utilization of\par
rights under this License, based on the number of copies of\par
Covered Code you made available, the revenues you received\par
from utilizing such rights, and other relevant factors. You\par
agree to work with affected parties to distribute\par
responsibility on an equitable basis.\par
\par
13. ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO THE CYGNUS ECOS PUBLIC\par
LICENSE.\par
\par
      Nothing in this License shall be interpreted to\par
prohibit Cygnus from licensing under different terms than\par
this License any code which Cygnus otherwise would have a\par
right to license.\par
\par
      Cygnus and logo - This License does not grant any\par
rights to use the trademark Cygnus, the Cygnus logo,\par
eCos logo, even if such marks are included in the Original\par
Code. You may contact Cygnus for permission to display the\par
Cygnus and eCos marks in either the documentation or the\par
Executable version beyond that required in Exhibit B.\par
\par
     Inability to Comply Due to Contractual Obligation - To\par
the extent that Cygnus is limited contractually from making\par
third party code available under this License, Cygnus may\par
choose to integrate such third party code into Covered Code\par
without being required to distribute such third party code\par
in Source Code form, even if such third party code would\par
otherwise be considered "Modifications" under this License.\par
\par
EXHIBIT A.\par
\par
"The contents of this file are subject to the Cygnus eCos Public License\par
Version 1.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in\par
compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
http://sourceware.cygnus.com/ecos\par
\par
Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS"\par
basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the\par
License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under\par
the License.\par
\par
The Original Code is eCos - Embedded Cygnus Operating System, released\par
September 30, 1998.\par
\par
The Initial Developer of the Original Code is Cygnus.  Portions created\par
by Cygnus are Copyright (C) 1998 Cygnus Solutions.  All Rights Reserved."\par
\par
EXHIBIT B.\par
\par
Part of the software embedded in this product is eCos -\par
Embedded Cygnus Operating System, a trademark of Cygnus\par
Solutions. Portions created by Cygnus are Copyright (C) 1998\par
Cygnus Solutions (http://www.cygnus.com). All Rights\par
Reserved.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IN THIS PRODUCT WAS IN PART PROVIDED BY CYGNUS\par
SOLUTIONS AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,\par
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY\par
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED\par
AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF\par
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Eclipse Distribution License, version 1.0\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Copyright (c) 2007, Eclipse Foundation, Inc. and its licensors. \par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
\par
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
\par
Neither the name of the Eclipse Foundation, Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Eclipse Public License, version 1.0\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Eclipse Public License - v 1.0\par
THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS ECLIPSE PUBLIC LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.\par
\par
1. DEFINITIONS\par
\par
"Contribution" means:\par
\par
a) in the case of the initial Contributor, the initial code and documentation distributed under this Agreement, and\par
\par
b) in the case of each subsequent Contributor:\par
\par
i) changes to the Program, and\par
\par
ii) additions to the Program;\par
\par
where such changes and/or additions to the Program originate from and are distributed by that particular Contributor. A Contribution 'originates' from a Contributor if it was added to the Program by such Contributor itself or anyone acting on such Contributor's behalf. Contributions do not include additions to the Program which: (i) are separate modules of software distributed in conjunction with the Program under their own license agreement, and (ii) are not derivative works of the Program.\par
\par
"Contributor" means any person or entity that distributes the Program.\par
\par
"Licensed Patents" mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor which are necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or when combined with the Program.\par
\par
"Program" means the Contributions distributed in accordance with this Agreement.\par
\par
"Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this Agreement, including all Contributors.\par
\par
2. GRANT OF RIGHTS\par
\par
a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, distribute and sublicense the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, and such derivative works, in source code and object code form.\par
\par
b) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under Licensed Patents to make, use, sell, offer to sell, import and otherwise transfer the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, in source code and object code form. This patent license shall apply to the combination of the Contribution and the Program if, at the time the Contribution is added by the Contributor, such addition of the Contribution causes such combination to be covered by the Licensed Patents. The patent license shall not apply to any other combinations which include the Contribution. No hardware per se is licensed hereunder.\par
\par
c) Recipient understands that although each Contributor grants the licenses to its Contributions set forth herein, no assurances are provided by any Contributor that the Program does not infringe the patent or other intellectual property rights of any other entity. Each Contributor disclaims any liability to Recipient for claims brought by any other entity based on infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise. As a condition to exercising the rights and licenses granted hereunder, each Recipient hereby assumes sole responsibility to secure any other intellectual property rights needed, if any. For example, if a third party patent license is required to allow Recipient to distribute the Program, it is Recipient's responsibility to acquire that license before distributing the Program.\par
\par
d) Each Contributor represents that to its knowledge it has sufficient copyright rights in its Contribution, if any, to grant the copyright license set forth in this Agreement.\par
\par
3. REQUIREMENTS\par
\par
A Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form under its own license agreement, provided that:\par
\par
a) it complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and\par
\par
b) its license agreement:\par
\par
i) effectively disclaims on behalf of all Contributors all warranties and conditions, express and implied, including warranties or conditions of title and non-infringement, and implied warranties or conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose;\par
\par
ii) effectively excludes on behalf of all Contributors all liability for damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental and consequential damages, such as lost profits;\par
\par
iii) states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement are offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other party; and\par
\par
iv) states that source code for the Program is available from such Contributor, and informs licensees how to obtain it in a reasonable manner on or through a medium customarily used for software exchange.\par
\par
When the Program is made available in source code form:\par
\par
a) it must be made available under this Agreement; and\par
\par
b) a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the Program.\par
\par
Contributors may not remove or alter any copyright notices contained within the Program.\par
\par
Each Contributor must identify itself as the originator of its Contribution, if any, in a manner that reasonably allows subsequent Recipients to identify the originator of the Contribution.\par
\par
4. COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION\par
\par
Commercial distributors of software may accept certain responsibilities with respect to end users, business partners and the like. While this license is intended to facilitate the commercial use of the Program, the Contributor who includes the Program in a commercial product offering should do so in a manner which does not create potential liability for other Contributors. Therefore, if a Contributor includes the Program in a commercial product offering, such Contributor ("Commercial Contributor") hereby agrees to defend and indemnify every other Contributor ("Indemnified Contributor") against any losses, damages and costs (collectively "Losses") arising from claims, lawsuits and other legal actions brought by a third party against the Indemnified Contributor to the extent caused by the acts or omissions of such Commercial Contributor in connection with its distribution of the Program in a commercial product offering. The obligations in this section do not apply to any claims or Losses relating to any actual or alleged intellectual property infringement. In order to qualify, an Indemnified Contributor must: a) promptly notify the Commercial Contributor in writing of such claim, and b) allow the Commercial Contributor to control, and cooperate with the Commercial Contributor in, the defense and any related settlement negotiations. The Indemnified Contributor may participate in any such claim at its own expense.\par
\par
For example, a Contributor might include the Program in a commercial product offering, Product X. That Contributor is then a Commercial Contributor. If that Commercial Contributor then makes performance claims, or offers warranties related to Product X, those performance claims and warranties are such Commercial Contributor's responsibility alone. Under this section, the Commercial Contributor would have to defend claims against the other Contributors related to those performance claims and warranties, and if a court requires any other Contributor to pay any damages as a result, the Commercial Contributor must pay those damages.\par
\par
5. NO WARRANTY\par
\par
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each Recipient is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and distributing the Program and assumes all risks associated with its exercise of rights under this Agreement , including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and unavailability or interruption of operations.\par
\par
6. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY\par
\par
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\par
\par
7. GENERAL\par
\par
If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms of this Agreement, and without further action by the parties hereto, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable.\par
\par
If Recipient institutes patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Program itself (excluding combinations of the Program with other software or hardware) infringes such Recipient's patent(s), then such Recipient's rights granted under Section 2(b) shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.\par
\par
All Recipient's rights under this Agreement shall terminate if it fails to comply with any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and does not cure such failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming aware of such noncompliance. If all Recipient's rights under this Agreement terminate, Recipient agrees to cease use and distribution of the Program as soon as reasonably practicable. However, Recipient's obligations under this Agreement and any licenses granted by Recipient relating to the Program shall continue and survive.\par
\par
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute copies of this Agreement, but in order to avoid inconsistency the Agreement is copyrighted and may only be modified in the following manner. The Agreement Steward reserves the right to publish new versions (including revisions) of this Agreement from time to time. No one other than the Agreement Steward has the right to modify this Agreement. The Eclipse Foundation is the initial Agreement Steward. The Eclipse Foundation may assign the responsibility to serve as the Agreement Steward to a suitable separate entity. Each new version of the Agreement will be given a distinguishing version number. The Program (including Contributions) may always be distributed subject to the version of the Agreement under which it was received. In addition, after a new version of the Agreement is published, Contributor may elect to distribute the Program (including its Contributions) under the new version. Except as expressly stated in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, Recipient receives no rights or licenses to the intellectual property of any Contributor under this Agreement, whether expressly, by implication, estoppel or otherwise. All rights in the Program not expressly granted under this Agreement are reserved.\par
\par
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York and the intellectual property laws of the United States of America. No party to this Agreement will bring a legal action under this Agreement more than one year after the cause of action arose. Each party waives its rights to a jury trial in any resulting litigation.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GCC RUNTIME LIBRARY EXCEPTION\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Version 3.1, 31 March 2009\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/>\par
\par
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this\par
license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
\par
This GCC Runtime Library Exception ("Exception") is an additional\par
permission under section 7 of the GNU General Public License, version\par
3 ("GPLv3"). It applies to a given file (the "Runtime Library") that\par
bears a notice placed by the copyright holder of the file stating that\par
the file is governed by GPLv3 along with this Exception.\par
\par
When you use GCC to compile a program, GCC may combine portions of\par
certain GCC header files and runtime libraries with the compiled\par
program. The purpose of this Exception is to allow compilation of\par
non-GPL (including proprietary) programs to use, in this way, the\par
header files and runtime libraries covered by this Exception.\par
\par
0. Definitions.\par
\par
A file is an "Independent Module" if it either requires the Runtime\par
Library for execution after a Compilation Process, or makes use of an\par
interface provided by the Runtime Library, but is not otherwise based\par
on the Runtime Library.\par
\par
"GCC" means a version of the GNU Compiler Collection, with or without\par
modifications, governed by version 3 (or a specified later version) of\par
the GNU General Public License (GPL) with the option of using any\par
subsequent versions published by the FSF.\par
\par
"GPL-compatible Software" is software whose conditions of propagation,\par
modification and use would permit combination with GCC in accord with\par
the license of GCC.\par
\par
"Target Code" refers to output from any compiler for a real or virtual\par
target processor architecture, in executable form or suitable for\par
input to an assembler, loader, linker and/or execution\par
phase. Notwithstanding that, Target Code does not include data in any\par
format that is used as a compiler intermediate representation, or used\par
for producing a compiler intermediate representation.\par
\par
The "Compilation Process" transforms code entirely represented in\par
non-intermediate languages designed for human-written code, and/or in\par
Java Virtual Machine byte code, into Target Code. Thus, for example,\par
use of source code generators and preprocessors need not be considered\par
part of the Compilation Process, since the Compilation Process can be\par
understood as starting with the output of the generators or\par
preprocessors.\par
\par
A Compilation Process is "Eligible" if it is done using GCC, alone or\par
with other GPL-compatible software, or if it is done without using any\par
work based on GCC. For example, using non-GPL-compatible Software to\par
optimize any GCC intermediate representations would not qualify as an\par
Eligible Compilation Process.\par
\par
1. Grant of Additional Permission.\par
\par
You have permission to propagate a work of Target Code formed by\par
combining the Runtime Library with Independent Modules, even if such\par
propagation would otherwise violate the terms of GPLv3, provided that\par
all Target Code was generated by Eligible Compilation Processes. You\par
may then convey such a combination under terms of your choice,\par
consistent with the licensing of the Independent Modules.\par
\par
2. No Weakening of GCC Copyleft.\par
\par
The availability of this Exception does not imply any general\par
presumption that third-party software is unaffected by the copyleft\par
requirements of the license of GCC.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GNU Free Documentation License, version 1.1\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
                GNU Free Documentation License\par
                   Version 1.1, March 2000\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 2000  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
     51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA\par
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies\par
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
\par
\par
0. PREAMBLE\par
\par
The purpose of this License is to make a manual, textbook, or other\par
written document "free" in the sense of freedom: to assure everyone\par
the effective freedom to copy and redistribute it, with or without\par
modifying it, either commercially or noncommercially.  Secondarily,\par
this License preserves for the author and publisher a way to get\par
credit for their work, while not being considered responsible for\par
modifications made by others.\par
\par
This License is a kind of "copyleft", which means that derivative\par
works of the document must themselves be free in the same sense.  It\par
complements the GNU General Public License, which is a copyleft\par
license designed for free software.\par
\par
We have designed this License in order to use it for manuals for free\par
software, because free software needs free documentation: a free\par
program should come with manuals providing the same freedoms that the\par
software does.  But this License is not limited to software manuals;\par
it can be used for any textual work, regardless of subject matter or\par
whether it is published as a printed book.  We recommend this License\par
principally for works whose purpose is instruction or reference.\par
\par
\par
1. APPLICABILITY AND DEFINITIONS\par
\par
This License applies to any manual or other work that contains a\par
notice placed by the copyright holder saying it can be distributed\par
under the terms of this License.  The "Document", below, refers to any\par
such manual or work.  Any member of the public is a licensee, and is\par
addressed as "you".\par
\par
A "Modified Version" of the Document means any work containing the\par
Document or a portion of it, either copied verbatim, or with\par
modifications and/or translated into another language.\par
\par
A "Secondary Section" is a named appendix or a front-matter section of\par
the Document that deals exclusively with the relationship of the\par
publishers or authors of the Document to the Document's overall subject\par
(or to related matters) and contains nothing that could fall directly\par
within that overall subject.  (For example, if the Document is in part a\par
textbook of mathematics, a Secondary Section may not explain any\par
mathematics.)  The relationship could be a matter of historical\par
connection with the subject or with related matters, or of legal,\par
commercial, philosophical, ethical or political position regarding\par
them.\par
\par
The "Invariant Sections" are certain Secondary Sections whose titles\par
are designated, as being those of Invariant Sections, in the notice\par
that says that the Document is released under this License.\par
\par
The "Cover Texts" are certain short passages of text that are listed,\par
as Front-Cover Texts or Back-Cover Texts, in the notice that says that\par
the Document is released under this License.\par
\par
A "Transparent" copy of the Document means a machine-readable copy,\par
represented in a format whose specification is available to the\par
general public, whose contents can be viewed and edited directly and\par
straightforwardly with generic text editors or (for images composed of\par
pixels) generic paint programs or (for drawings) some widely available\par
drawing editor, and that is suitable for input to text formatters or\par
for automatic translation to a variety of formats suitable for input\par
to text formatters.  A copy made in an otherwise Transparent file\par
format whose markup has been designed to thwart or discourage\par
subsequent modification by readers is not Transparent.  A copy that is\par
not "Transparent" is called "Opaque".\par
\par
Examples of suitable formats for Transparent copies include plain\par
ASCII without markup, Texinfo input format, LaTeX input format, SGML\par
or XML using a publicly available DTD, and standard-conforming simple\par
HTML designed for human modification.  Opaque formats include\par
PostScript, PDF, proprietary formats that can be read and edited only\par
by proprietary word processors, SGML or XML for which the DTD and/or\par
processing tools are not generally available, and the\par
machine-generated HTML produced by some word processors for output\par
purposes only.\par
\par
The "Title Page" means, for a printed book, the title page itself,\par
plus such following pages as are needed to hold, legibly, the material\par
this License requires to appear in the title page.  For works in\par
formats which do not have any title page as such, "Title Page" means\par
the text near the most prominent appearance of the work's title,\par
preceding the beginning of the body of the text.\par
\par
\par
2. VERBATIM COPYING\par
\par
You may copy and distribute the Document in any medium, either\par
commercially or noncommercially, provided that this License, the\par
copyright notices, and the license notice saying this License applies\par
to the Document are reproduced in all copies, and that you add no other\par
conditions whatsoever to those of this License.  You may not use\par
technical measures to obstruct or control the reading or further\par
copying of the copies you make or distribute.  However, you may accept\par
compensation in exchange for copies.  If you distribute a large enough\par
number of copies you must also follow the conditions in section 3.\par
\par
You may also lend copies, under the same conditions stated above, and\par
you may publicly display copies.\par
\par
\par
3. COPYING IN QUANTITY\par
\par
If you publish printed copies of the Document numbering more than 100,\par
and the Document's license notice requires Cover Texts, you must enclose\par
the copies in covers that carry, clearly and legibly, all these Cover\par
Texts: Front-Cover Texts on the front cover, and Back-Cover Texts on\par
the back cover.  Both covers must also clearly and legibly identify\par
you as the publisher of these copies.  The front cover must present\par
the full title with all words of the title equally prominent and\par
visible.  You may add other material on the covers in addition.\par
Copying with changes limited to the covers, as long as they preserve\par
the title of the Document and satisfy these conditions, can be treated\par
as verbatim copying in other respects.\par
\par
If the required texts for either cover are too voluminous to fit\par
legibly, you should put the first ones listed (as many as fit\par
reasonably) on the actual cover, and continue the rest onto adjacent\par
pages.\par
\par
If you publish or distribute Opaque copies of the Document numbering\par
more than 100, you must either include a machine-readable Transparent\par
copy along with each Opaque copy, or state in or with each Opaque copy\par
a publicly-accessible computer-network location containing a complete\par
Transparent copy of the Document, free of added material, which the\par
general network-using public has access to download anonymously at no\par
charge using public-standard network protocols.  If you use the latter\par
option, you must take reasonably prudent steps, when you begin\par
distribution of Opaque copies in quantity, to ensure that this\par
Transparent copy will remain thus accessible at the stated location\par
until at least one year after the last time you distribute an Opaque\par
copy (directly or through your agents or retailers) of that edition to\par
the public.\par
\par
It is requested, but not required, that you contact the authors of the\par
Document well before redistributing any large number of copies, to give\par
them a chance to provide you with an updated version of the Document.\par
\par
\par
4. MODIFICATIONS\par
\par
You may copy and distribute a Modified Version of the Document under\par
the conditions of sections 2 and 3 above, provided that you release\par
the Modified Version under precisely this License, with the Modified\par
Version filling the role of the Document, thus licensing distribution\par
and modification of the Modified Version to whoever possesses a copy\par
of it.  In addition, you must do these things in the Modified Version:\par
\par
A. Use in the Title Page (and on the covers, if any) a title distinct\par
   from that of the Document, and from those of previous versions\par
   (which should, if there were any, be listed in the History section\par
   of the Document).  You may use the same title as a previous version\par
   if the original publisher of that version gives permission.\par
B. List on the Title Page, as authors, one or more persons or entities\par
   responsible for authorship of the modifications in the Modified\par
   Version, together with at least five of the principal authors of the\par
   Document (all of its principal authors, if it has less than five).\par
C. State on the Title page the name of the publisher of the\par
   Modified Version, as the publisher.\par
D. Preserve all the copyright notices of the Document.\par
E. Add an appropriate copyright notice for your modifications\par
   adjacent to the other copyright notices.\par
F. Include, immediately after the copyright notices, a license notice\par
   giving the public permission to use the Modified Version under the\par
   terms of this License, in the form shown in the Addendum below.\par
G. Preserve in that license notice the full lists of Invariant Sections\par
   and required Cover Texts given in the Document's license notice.\par
H. Include an unaltered copy of this License.\par
I. Preserve the section entitled "History", and its title, and add to\par
   it an item stating at least the title, year, new authors, and\par
   publisher of the Modified Version as given on the Title Page.  If\par
   there is no section entitled "History" in the Document, create one\par
   stating the title, year, authors, and publisher of the Document as\par
   given on its Title Page, then add an item describing the Modified\par
   Version as stated in the previous sentence.\par
J. Preserve the network location, if any, given in the Document for\par
   public access to a Transparent copy of the Document, and likewise\par
   the network locations given in the Document for previous versions\par
   it was based on.  These may be placed in the "History" section.\par
   You may omit a network location for a work that was published at\par
   least four years before the Document itself, or if the original\par
   publisher of the version it refers to gives permission.\par
K. In any section entitled "Acknowledgements" or "Dedications",\par
   preserve the section's title, and preserve in the section all the\par
   substance and tone of each of the contributor acknowledgements\par
   and/or dedications given therein.\par
L. Preserve all the Invariant Sections of the Document,\par
   unaltered in their text and in their titles.  Section numbers\par
   or the equivalent are not considered part of the section titles.\par
M. Delete any section entitled "Endorsements".  Such a section\par
   may not be included in the Modified Version.\par
N. Do not retitle any existing section as "Endorsements"\par
   or to conflict in title with any Invariant Section.\par
\par
If the Modified Version includes new front-matter sections or\par
appendices that qualify as Secondary Sections and contain no material\par
copied from the Document, you may at your option designate some or all\par
of these sections as invariant.  To do this, add their titles to the\par
list of Invariant Sections in the Modified Version's license notice.\par
These titles must be distinct from any other section titles.\par
\par
You may add a section entitled "Endorsements", provided it contains\par
nothing but endorsements of your Modified Version by various\par
parties--for example, statements of peer review or that the text has\par
been approved by an organization as the authoritative definition of a\par
standard.\par
\par
You may add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text, and a\par
passage of up to 25 words as a Back-Cover Text, to the end of the list\par
of Cover Texts in the Modified Version.  Only one passage of\par
Front-Cover Text and one of Back-Cover Text may be added by (or\par
through arrangements made by) any one entity.  If the Document already\par
includes a cover text for the same cover, previously added by you or\par
by arrangement made by the same entity you are acting on behalf of,\par
you may not add another; but you may replace the old one, on explicit\par
permission from the previous publisher that added the old one.\par
\par
The author(s) and publisher(s) of the Document do not by this License\par
give permission to use their names for publicity for or to assert or\par
imply endorsement of any Modified Version.\par
\par
\par
5. COMBINING DOCUMENTS\par
\par
You may combine the Document with other documents released under this\par
License, under the terms defined in section 4 above for modified\par
versions, provided that you include in the combination all of the\par
Invariant Sections of all of the original documents, unmodified, and\par
list them all as Invariant Sections of your combined work in its\par
license notice.\par
\par
The combined work need only contain one copy of this License, and\par
multiple identical Invariant Sections may be replaced with a single\par
copy.  If there are multiple Invariant Sections with the same name but\par
different contents, make the title of each such section unique by\par
adding at the end of it, in parentheses, the name of the original\par
author or publisher of that section if known, or else a unique number.\par
Make the same adjustment to the section titles in the list of\par
Invariant Sections in the license notice of the combined work.\par
\par
In the combination, you must combine any sections entitled "History"\par
in the various original documents, forming one section entitled\par
"History"; likewise combine any sections entitled "Acknowledgements",\par
and any sections entitled "Dedications".  You must delete all sections\par
entitled "Endorsements."\par
\par
\par
6. COLLECTIONS OF DOCUMENTS\par
\par
You may make a collection consisting of the Document and other documents\par
released under this License, and replace the individual copies of this\par
License in the various documents with a single copy that is included in\par
the collection, provided that you follow the rules of this License for\par
verbatim copying of each of the documents in all other respects.\par
\par
You may extract a single document from such a collection, and distribute\par
it individually under this License, provided you insert a copy of this\par
License into the extracted document, and follow this License in all\par
other respects regarding verbatim copying of that document.\par
\par
\par
7. AGGREGATION WITH INDEPENDENT WORKS\par
\par
A compilation of the Document or its derivatives with other separate\par
and independent documents or works, in or on a volume of a storage or\par
distribution medium, does not as a whole count as a Modified Version\par
of the Document, provided no compilation copyright is claimed for the\par
compilation.  Such a compilation is called an "aggregate", and this\par
License does not apply to the other self-contained works thus compiled\par
with the Document, on account of their being thus compiled, if they\par
are not themselves derivative works of the Document.\par
\par
If the Cover Text requirement of section 3 is applicable to these\par
copies of the Document, then if the Document is less than one quarter\par
of the entire aggregate, the Document's Cover Texts may be placed on\par
covers that surround only the Document within the aggregate.\par
Otherwise they must appear on covers around the whole aggregate.\par
\par
\par
8. TRANSLATION\par
\par
Translation is considered a kind of modification, so you may\par
distribute translations of the Document under the terms of section 4.\par
Replacing Invariant Sections with translations requires special\par
permission from their copyright holders, but you may include\par
translations of some or all Invariant Sections in addition to the\par
original versions of these Invariant Sections.  You may include a\par
translation of this License provided that you also include the\par
original English version of this License.  In case of a disagreement\par
between the translation and the original English version of this\par
License, the original English version will prevail.\par
\par
\par
9. TERMINATION\par
\par
You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Document except\par
as expressly provided for under this License.  Any other attempt to\par
copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Document is void, and will\par
automatically terminate your rights under this License.  However,\par
parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under this\par
License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such\par
parties remain in full compliance.\par
\par
\par
10. FUTURE REVISIONS OF THIS LICENSE\par
\par
The Free Software Foundation may publish new, revised versions\par
of the GNU Free Documentation License from time to time.  Such new\par
versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may\par
differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.  See\par
http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/.\par
\par
Each version of the License is given a distinguishing version number.\par
If the Document specifies that a particular numbered version of this\par
License "or any later version" applies to it, you have the option of\par
following the terms and conditions either of that specified version or\par
of any later version that has been published (not as a draft) by the\par
Free Software Foundation.  If the Document does not specify a version\par
number of this License, you may choose any version ever published (not\par
as a draft) by the Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
\par
ADDENDUM: How to use this License for your documents\par
\par
To use this License in a document you have written, include a copy of\par
the License in the document and put the following copyright and\par
license notices just after the title page:\par
\par
      Copyright (c)  YEAR  YOUR NAME.\par
      Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document\par
      under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.1\par
      or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;\par
      with the Invariant Sections being LIST THEIR TITLES, with the\par
      Front-Cover Texts being LIST, and with the Back-Cover Texts being LIST.\par
      A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU\par
      Free Documentation License".\par
\par
If you have no Invariant Sections, write "with no Invariant Sections"\par
instead of saying which ones are invariant.  If you have no\par
Front-Cover Texts, write "no Front-Cover Texts" instead of\par
"Front-Cover Texts being LIST"; likewise for Back-Cover Texts.\par
\par
If your document contains nontrivial examples of program code, we\par
recommend releasing these examples in parallel under your choice of\par
free software license, such as the GNU General Public License,\par
to permit their use in free software.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
                GNU Free Documentation License\par
                  Version 1.2, November 2002\par
\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 2000,2001,2002  Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
     51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA\par
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies\par
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
\par
\par
0. PREAMBLE\par
\par
The purpose of this License is to make a manual, textbook, or other\par
functional and useful document "free" in the sense of freedom: to\par
assure everyone the effective freedom to copy and redistribute it,\par
with or without modifying it, either commercially or noncommercially.\par
Secondarily, this License preserves for the author and publisher a way\par
to get credit for their work, while not being considered responsible\par
for modifications made by others.\par
\par
This License is a kind of "copyleft", which means that derivative\par
works of the document must themselves be free in the same sense.  It\par
complements the GNU General Public License, which is a copyleft\par
license designed for free software.\par
\par
We have designed this License in order to use it for manuals for free\par
software, because free software needs free documentation: a free\par
program should come with manuals providing the same freedoms that the\par
software does.  But this License is not limited to software manuals;\par
it can be used for any textual work, regardless of subject matter or\par
whether it is published as a printed book.  We recommend this License\par
principally for works whose purpose is instruction or reference.\par
\par
\par
1. APPLICABILITY AND DEFINITIONS\par
\par
This License applies to any manual or other work, in any medium, that\par
contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it can be\par
distributed under the terms of this License.  Such a notice grants a\par
world-wide, royalty-free license, unlimited in duration, to use that\par
work under the conditions stated herein.  The "Document", below,\par
refers to any such manual or work.  Any member of the public is a\par
licensee, and is addressed as "you".  You accept the license if you\par
copy, modify or distribute the work in a way requiring permission\par
under copyright law.\par
\par
A "Modified Version" of the Document means any work containing the\par
Document or a portion of it, either copied verbatim, or with\par
modifications and/or translated into another language.\par
\par
A "Secondary Section" is a named appendix or a front-matter section of\par
the Document that deals exclusively with the relationship of the\par
publishers or authors of the Document to the Document's overall subject\par
(or to related matters) and contains nothing that could fall directly\par
within that overall subject.  (Thus, if the Document is in part a\par
textbook of mathematics, a Secondary Section may not explain any\par
mathematics.)  The relationship could be a matter of historical\par
connection with the subject or with related matters, or of legal,\par
commercial, philosophical, ethical or political position regarding\par
them.\par
\par
The "Invariant Sections" are certain Secondary Sections whose titles\par
are designated, as being those of Invariant Sections, in the notice\par
that says that the Document is released under this License.  If a\par
section does not fit the above definition of Secondary then it is not\par
allowed to be designated as Invariant.  The Document may contain zero\par
Invariant Sections.  If the Document does not identify any Invariant\par
Sections then there are none.\par
\par
The "Cover Texts" are certain short passages of text that are listed,\par
as Front-Cover Texts or Back-Cover Texts, in the notice that says that\par
the Document is released under this License.  A Front-Cover Text may\par
be at most 5 words, and a Back-Cover Text may be at most 25 words.\par
\par
A "Transparent" copy of the Document means a machine-readable copy,\par
represented in a format whose specification is available to the\par
general public, that is suitable for revising the document\par
straightforwardly with generic text editors or (for images composed of\par
pixels) generic paint programs or (for drawings) some widely available\par
drawing editor, and that is suitable for input to text formatters or\par
for automatic translation to a variety of formats suitable for input\par
to text formatters.  A copy made in an otherwise Transparent file\par
format whose markup, or absence of markup, has been arranged to thwart\par
or discourage subsequent modification by readers is not Transparent.\par
An image format is not Transparent if used for any substantial amount\par
of text.  A copy that is not "Transparent" is called "Opaque".\par
\par
Examples of suitable formats for Transparent copies include plain\par
ASCII without markup, Texinfo input format, LaTeX input format, SGML\par
or XML using a publicly available DTD, and standard-conforming simple\par
HTML, PostScript or PDF designed for human modification.  Examples of\par
transparent image formats include PNG, XCF and JPG.  Opaque formats\par
include proprietary formats that can be read and edited only by\par
proprietary word processors, SGML or XML for which the DTD and/or\par
processing tools are not generally available, and the\par
machine-generated HTML, PostScript or PDF produced by some word\par
processors for output purposes only.\par
\par
The "Title Page" means, for a printed book, the title page itself,\par
plus such following pages as are needed to hold, legibly, the material\par
this License requires to appear in the title page.  For works in\par
formats which do not have any title page as such, "Title Page" means\par
the text near the most prominent appearance of the work's title,\par
preceding the beginning of the body of the text.\par
\par
A section "Entitled XYZ" means a named subunit of the Document whose\par
title either is precisely XYZ or contains XYZ in parentheses following\par
text that translates XYZ in another language.  (Here XYZ stands for a\par
specific section name mentioned below, such as "Acknowledgements",\par
"Dedications", "Endorsements", or "History".)  To "Preserve the Title"\par
of such a section when you modify the Document means that it remains a\par
section "Entitled XYZ" according to this definition.\par
\par
The Document may include Warranty Disclaimers next to the notice which\par
states that this License applies to the Document.  These Warranty\par
Disclaimers are considered to be included by reference in this\par
License, but only as regards disclaiming warranties: any other\par
implication that these Warranty Disclaimers may have is void and has\par
no effect on the meaning of this License.\par
\par
\par
2. VERBATIM COPYING\par
\par
You may copy and distribute the Document in any medium, either\par
commercially or noncommercially, provided that this License, the\par
copyright notices, and the license notice saying this License applies\par
to the Document are reproduced in all copies, and that you add no other\par
conditions whatsoever to those of this License.  You may not use\par
technical measures to obstruct or control the reading or further\par
copying of the copies you make or distribute.  However, you may accept\par
compensation in exchange for copies.  If you distribute a large enough\par
number of copies you must also follow the conditions in section 3.\par
\par
You may also lend copies, under the same conditions stated above, and\par
you may publicly display copies.\par
\par
\par
3. COPYING IN QUANTITY\par
\par
If you publish printed copies (or copies in media that commonly have\par
printed covers) of the Document, numbering more than 100, and the\par
Document's license notice requires Cover Texts, you must enclose the\par
copies in covers that carry, clearly and legibly, all these Cover\par
Texts: Front-Cover Texts on the front cover, and Back-Cover Texts on\par
the back cover.  Both covers must also clearly and legibly identify\par
you as the publisher of these copies.  The front cover must present\par
the full title with all words of the title equally prominent and\par
visible.  You may add other material on the covers in addition.\par
Copying with changes limited to the covers, as long as they preserve\par
the title of the Document and satisfy these conditions, can be treated\par
as verbatim copying in other respects.\par
\par
If the required texts for either cover are too voluminous to fit\par
legibly, you should put the first ones listed (as many as fit\par
reasonably) on the actual cover, and continue the rest onto adjacent\par
pages.\par
\par
If you publish or distribute Opaque copies of the Document numbering\par
more than 100, you must either include a machine-readable Transparent\par
copy along with each Opaque copy, or state in or with each Opaque copy\par
a computer-network location from which the general network-using\par
public has access to download using public-standard network protocols\par
a complete Transparent copy of the Document, free of added material.\par
If you use the latter option, you must take reasonably prudent steps,\par
when you begin distribution of Opaque copies in quantity, to ensure\par
that this Transparent copy will remain thus accessible at the stated\par
location until at least one year after the last time you distribute an\par
Opaque copy (directly or through your agents or retailers) of that\par
edition to the public.\par
\par
It is requested, but not required, that you contact the authors of the\par
Document well before redistributing any large number of copies, to give\par
them a chance to provide you with an updated version of the Document.\par
\par
\par
4. MODIFICATIONS\par
\par
You may copy and distribute a Modified Version of the Document under\par
the conditions of sections 2 and 3 above, provided that you release\par
the Modified Version under precisely this License, with the Modified\par
Version filling the role of the Document, thus licensing distribution\par
and modification of the Modified Version to whoever possesses a copy\par
of it.  In addition, you must do these things in the Modified Version:\par
\par
A. Use in the Title Page (and on the covers, if any) a title distinct\par
   from that of the Document, and from those of previous versions\par
   (which should, if there were any, be listed in the History section\par
   of the Document).  You may use the same title as a previous version\par
   if the original publisher of that version gives permission.\par
B. List on the Title Page, as authors, one or more persons or entities\par
   responsible for authorship of the modifications in the Modified\par
   Version, together with at least five of the principal authors of the\par
   Document (all of its principal authors, if it has fewer than five),\par
   unless they release you from this requirement.\par
C. State on the Title page the name of the publisher of the\par
   Modified Version, as the publisher.\par
D. Preserve all the copyright notices of the Document.\par
E. Add an appropriate copyright notice for your modifications\par
   adjacent to the other copyright notices.\par
F. Include, immediately after the copyright notices, a license notice\par
   giving the public permission to use the Modified Version under the\par
   terms of this License, in the form shown in the Addendum below.\par
G. Preserve in that license notice the full lists of Invariant Sections\par
   and required Cover Texts given in the Document's license notice.\par
H. Include an unaltered copy of this License.\par
I. Preserve the section Entitled "History", Preserve its Title, and add\par
   to it an item stating at least the title, year, new authors, and\par
   publisher of the Modified Version as given on the Title Page.  If\par
   there is no section Entitled "History" in the Document, create one\par
   stating the title, year, authors, and publisher of the Document as\par
   given on its Title Page, then add an item describing the Modified\par
   Version as stated in the previous sentence.\par
J. Preserve the network location, if any, given in the Document for\par
   public access to a Transparent copy of the Document, and likewise\par
   the network locations given in the Document for previous versions\par
   it was based on.  These may be placed in the "History" section.\par
   You may omit a network location for a work that was published at\par
   least four years before the Document itself, or if the original\par
   publisher of the version it refers to gives permission.\par
K. For any section Entitled "Acknowledgements" or "Dedications",\par
   Preserve the Title of the section, and preserve in the section all\par
   the substance and tone of each of the contributor acknowledgements\par
   and/or dedications given therein.\par
L. Preserve all the Invariant Sections of the Document,\par
   unaltered in their text and in their titles.  Section numbers\par
   or the equivalent are not considered part of the section titles.\par
M. Delete any section Entitled "Endorsements".  Such a section\par
   may not be included in the Modified Version.\par
N. Do not retitle any existing section to be Entitled "Endorsements"\par
   or to conflict in title with any Invariant Section.\par
O. Preserve any Warranty Disclaimers.\par
\par
If the Modified Version includes new front-matter sections or\par
appendices that qualify as Secondary Sections and contain no material\par
copied from the Document, you may at your option designate some or all\par
of these sections as invariant.  To do this, add their titles to the\par
list of Invariant Sections in the Modified Version's license notice.\par
These titles must be distinct from any other section titles.\par
\par
You may add a section Entitled "Endorsements", provided it contains\par
nothing but endorsements of your Modified Version by various\par
parties--for example, statements of peer review or that the text has\par
been approved by an organization as the authoritative definition of a\par
standard.\par
\par
You may add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text, and a\par
passage of up to 25 words as a Back-Cover Text, to the end of the list\par
of Cover Texts in the Modified Version.  Only one passage of\par
Front-Cover Text and one of Back-Cover Text may be added by (or\par
through arrangements made by) any one entity.  If the Document already\par
includes a cover text for the same cover, previously added by you or\par
by arrangement made by the same entity you are acting on behalf of,\par
you may not add another; but you may replace the old one, on explicit\par
permission from the previous publisher that added the old one.\par
\par
The author(s) and publisher(s) of the Document do not by this License\par
give permission to use their names for publicity for or to assert or\par
imply endorsement of any Modified Version.\par
\par
\par
5. COMBINING DOCUMENTS\par
\par
You may combine the Document with other documents released under this\par
License, under the terms defined in section 4 above for modified\par
versions, provided that you include in the combination all of the\par
Invariant Sections of all of the original documents, unmodified, and\par
list them all as Invariant Sections of your combined work in its\par
license notice, and that you preserve all their Warranty Disclaimers.\par
\par
The combined work need only contain one copy of this License, and\par
multiple identical Invariant Sections may be replaced with a single\par
copy.  If there are multiple Invariant Sections with the same name but\par
different contents, make the title of each such section unique by\par
adding at the end of it, in parentheses, the name of the original\par
author or publisher of that section if known, or else a unique number.\par
Make the same adjustment to the section titles in the list of\par
Invariant Sections in the license notice of the combined work.\par
\par
In the combination, you must combine any sections Entitled "History"\par
in the various original documents, forming one section Entitled\par
"History"; likewise combine any sections Entitled "Acknowledgements",\par
and any sections Entitled "Dedications".  You must delete all sections\par
Entitled "Endorsements".\par
\par
\par
6. COLLECTIONS OF DOCUMENTS\par
\par
You may make a collection consisting of the Document and other documents\par
released under this License, and replace the individual copies of this\par
License in the various documents with a single copy that is included in\par
the collection, provided that you follow the rules of this License for\par
verbatim copying of each of the documents in all other respects.\par
\par
You may extract a single document from such a collection, and distribute\par
it individually under this License, provided you insert a copy of this\par
License into the extracted document, and follow this License in all\par
other respects regarding verbatim copying of that document.\par
\par
\par
7. AGGREGATION WITH INDEPENDENT WORKS\par
\par
A compilation of the Document or its derivatives with other separate\par
and independent documents or works, in or on a volume of a storage or\par
distribution medium, is called an "aggregate" if the copyright\par
resulting from the compilation is not used to limit the legal rights\par
of the compilation's users beyond what the individual works permit.\par
When the Document is included in an aggregate, this License does not\par
apply to the other works in the aggregate which are not themselves\par
derivative works of the Document.\par
\par
If the Cover Text requirement of section 3 is applicable to these\par
copies of the Document, then if the Document is less than one half of\par
the entire aggregate, the Document's Cover Texts may be placed on\par
covers that bracket the Document within the aggregate, or the\par
electronic equivalent of covers if the Document is in electronic form.\par
Otherwise they must appear on printed covers that bracket the whole\par
aggregate.\par
\par
\par
8. TRANSLATION\par
\par
Translation is considered a kind of modification, so you may\par
distribute translations of the Document under the terms of section 4.\par
Replacing Invariant Sections with translations requires special\par
permission from their copyright holders, but you may include\par
translations of some or all Invariant Sections in addition to the\par
original versions of these Invariant Sections.  You may include a\par
translation of this License, and all the license notices in the\par
Document, and any Warranty Disclaimers, provided that you also include\par
the original English version of this License and the original versions\par
of those notices and disclaimers.  In case of a disagreement between\par
the translation and the original version of this License or a notice\par
or disclaimer, the original version will prevail.\par
\par
If a section in the Document is Entitled "Acknowledgements",\par
"Dedications", or "History", the requirement (section 4) to Preserve\par
its Title (section 1) will typically require changing the actual\par
title.\par
\par
\par
9. TERMINATION\par
\par
You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Document except\par
as expressly provided for under this License.  Any other attempt to\par
copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Document is void, and will\par
automatically terminate your rights under this License.  However,\par
parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under this\par
License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such\par
parties remain in full compliance.\par
\par
\par
10. FUTURE REVISIONS OF THIS LICENSE\par
\par
The Free Software Foundation may publish new, revised versions\par
of the GNU Free Documentation License from time to time.  Such new\par
versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may\par
differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.  See\par
http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/.\par
\par
Each version of the License is given a distinguishing version number.\par
If the Document specifies that a particular numbered version of this\par
License "or any later version" applies to it, you have the option of\par
following the terms and conditions either of that specified version or\par
of any later version that has been published (not as a draft) by the\par
Free Software Foundation.  If the Document does not specify a version\par
number of this License, you may choose any version ever published (not\par
as a draft) by the Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
\par
ADDENDUM: How to use this License for your documents\par
\par
To use this License in a document you have written, include a copy of\par
the License in the document and put the following copyright and\par
license notices just after the title page:\par
\par
    Copyright (c)  YEAR  YOUR NAME.\par
    Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document\par
    under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2\par
    or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;\par
    with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.\par
    A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU\par
    Free Documentation License".\par
\par
If you have Invariant Sections, Front-Cover Texts and Back-Cover Texts,\par
replace the "with...Texts." line with this:\par
\par
    with the Invariant Sections being LIST THEIR TITLES, with the\par
    Front-Cover Texts being LIST, and with the Back-Cover Texts being LIST.\par
\par
If you have Invariant Sections without Cover Texts, or some other\par
combination of the three, merge those two alternatives to suit the\par
situation.\par
\par
If your document contains nontrivial examples of program code, we\par
recommend releasing these examples in parallel under your choice of\par
free software license, such as the GNU General Public License,\par
to permit their use in free software.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GNU General Public License, version 2\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
                    GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
                       Version 2, June 1991\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.,\par
 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA\par
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies\par
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
\par
                            Preamble\par
\par
  The licenses for most software are designed to take away your\par
freedom to share and change it.  By contrast, the GNU General Public\par
License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free\par
software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.  This\par
General Public License applies to most of the Free Software\par
Foundation's software and to any other program whose authors commit to\par
using it.  (Some other Free Software Foundation software is covered by\par
the GNU Lesser General Public License instead.)  You can apply it to\par
your programs, too.\par
\par
  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not\par
price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you\par
have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for\par
this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it\par
if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it\par
in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.\par
\par
  To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid\par
anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights.\par
These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you\par
distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it.\par
\par
  For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether\par
gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that\par
you have.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the\par
source code.  And you must show them these terms so they know their\par
rights.\par
\par
  We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the software, and\par
(2) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy,\par
distribute and/or modify the software.\par
\par
  Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain\par
that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free\par
software.  If the software is modified by someone else and passed on, we\par
want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original, so\par
that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on the original\par
authors' reputations.\par
\par
  Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software\par
patents.  We wish to avoid the danger that redistributors of a free\par
program will individually obtain patent licenses, in effect making the\par
program proprietary.  To prevent this, we have made it clear that any\par
patent must be licensed for everyone's free use or not licensed at all.\par
\par
  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and\par
modification follow.\par
\par
                    GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION\par
\par
  0. This License applies to any program or other work which contains\par
a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed\par
under the terms of this General Public License.  The "Program", below,\par
refers to any such program or work, and a "work based on the Program"\par
means either the Program or any derivative work under copyright law:\par
that is to say, a work containing the Program or a portion of it,\par
either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated into another\par
language.  (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in\par
the term "modification".)  Each licensee is addressed as "you".\par
\par
Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not\par
covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of\par
running the Program is not restricted, and the output from the Program\par
is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the\par
Program (independent of having been made by running the Program).\par
Whether that is true depends on what the Program does.\par
\par
  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's\par
source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you\par
conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate\par
copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the\par
notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty;\par
and give any other recipients of the Program a copy of this License\par
along with the Program.\par
\par
You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and\par
you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.\par
\par
  2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion\par
of it, thus forming a work based on the Program, and copy and\par
distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1\par
above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:\par
\par
    a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices\par
    stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.\par
\par
    b) You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in\par
    whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any\par
    part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third\par
    parties under the terms of this License.\par
\par
    c) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively\par
    when run, you must cause it, when started running for such\par
    interactive use in the most ordinary way, to print or display an\par
    announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a\par
    notice that there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide\par
    a warranty) and that users may redistribute the program under\par
    these conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this\par
    License.  (Exception: if the Program itself is interactive but\par
    does not normally print such an announcement, your work based on\par
    the Program is not required to print an announcement.)\par
\par
These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If\par
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Program,\par
and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in\par
themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those\par
sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you\par
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based\par
on the Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of\par
this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the\par
entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.\par
\par
Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest\par
your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to\par
exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or\par
collective works based on the Program.\par
\par
In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program\par
with the Program (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of\par
a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under\par
the scope of this License.\par
\par
  3. You may copy and distribute the Program (or a work based on it,\par
under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of\par
Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:\par
\par
    a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable\par
    source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections\par
    1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,\par
\par
    b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three\par
    years, to give any third party, for a charge no more than your\par
    cost of physically performing source distribution, a complete\par
    machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be\par
    distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium\par
    customarily used for software interchange; or,\par
\par
    c) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer\par
    to distribute corresponding source code.  (This alternative is\par
    allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you\par
    received the program in object code or executable form with such\par
    an offer, in accord with Subsection b above.)\par
\par
The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for\par
making modifications to it.  For an executable work, complete source\par
code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any\par
associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to\par
control compilation and installation of the executable.  However, as a\par
special exception, the source code distributed need not include\par
anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary\par
form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the\par
operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component\par
itself accompanies the executable.\par
\par
If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering\par
access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent\par
access to copy the source code from the same place counts as\par
distribution of the source code, even though third parties are not\par
compelled to copy the source along with the object code.\par
\par
  4. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program\par
except as expressly provided under this License.  Any attempt\par
otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is\par
void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License.\par
However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under\par
this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such\par
parties remain in full compliance.\par
\par
  5. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not\par
signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or\par
distribute the Program or its derivative works.  These actions are\par
prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by\par
modifying or distributing the Program (or any work based on the\par
Program), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and\par
all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying\par
the Program or works based on it.\par
\par
  6. Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the\par
Program), the recipient automatically receives a license from the\par
original licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to\par
these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further\par
restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.\par
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to\par
this License.\par
\par
  7. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent\par
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),\par
conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or\par
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not\par
excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot\par
distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this\par
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you\par
may not distribute the Program at all.  For example, if a patent\par
license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Program by\par
all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then\par
the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to\par
refrain entirely from distribution of the Program.\par
\par
If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under\par
any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to\par
apply and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other\par
circumstances.\par
\par
It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any\par
patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any\par
such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the\par
integrity of the free software distribution system, which is\par
implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made\par
generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed\par
through that system in reliance on consistent application of that\par
system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing\par
to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot\par
impose that choice.\par
\par
This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to\par
be a consequence of the rest of this License.\par
\par
  8. If the distribution and/or use of the Program is restricted in\par
certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the\par
original copyright holder who places the Program under this License\par
may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding\par
those countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among\par
countries not thus excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates\par
the limitation as if written in the body of this License.\par
\par
  9. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions\par
of the General Public License from time to time.  Such new versions will\par
be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to\par
address new problems or concerns.\par
\par
Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Program\par
specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any\par
later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions\par
either of that version or of any later version published by the Free\par
Software Foundation.  If the Program does not specify a version number of\par
this License, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software\par
Foundation.\par
\par
  10. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free\par
programs whose distribution conditions are different, write to the author\par
to ask for permission.  For software which is copyrighted by the Free\par
Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes\par
make exceptions for this.  Our decision will be guided by the two goals\par
of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and\par
of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.\par
\par
                            NO WARRANTY\par
\par
  11. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY\par
FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  EXCEPT WHEN\par
OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES\par
PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\par
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS\par
TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE\par
PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING,\par
REPAIR OR CORRECTION.\par
\par
  12. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING\par
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR\par
REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES,\par
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING\par
OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED\par
TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY\par
YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER\par
PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE\par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\par
\par
                     END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
            How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs\par
\par
  If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest\par
possible use to the public, the best way to achieve this is to make it\par
free software which everyone can redistribute and change under these terms.\par
\par
  To do so, attach the following notices to the program.  It is safest\par
to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively\par
convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least\par
the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.\par
\par
    <one line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.>\par
    Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>\par
\par
    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
    the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or\par
    (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
    GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along\par
    with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,\par
    51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.\par
\par
Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.\par
\par
If the program is interactive, make it output a short notice like this\par
when it starts in an interactive mode:\par
\par
    Gnomovision version 69, Copyright (C) year name of author\par
    Gnomovision comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details type `show w'.\par
    This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it\par
    under certain conditions; type `show c' for details.\par
\par
The hypothetical commands `show w' and `show c' should show the appropriate\par
parts of the General Public License.  Of course, the commands you use may\par
be called something other than `show w' and `show c'; they could even be\par
mouse-clicks or menu items--whatever suits your program.\par
\par
You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your\par
school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the program, if\par
necessary.  Here is a sample; alter the names:\par
\par
  Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the program\par
  `Gnomovision' (which makes passes at compilers) written by James Hacker.\par
\par
  <signature of Ty Coon>, 1 April 1989\par
  Ty Coon, President of Vice\par
\par
This General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into\par
proprietary programs.  If your program is a subroutine library, you may\par
consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with the\par
library.  If this is what you want to do, use the GNU Lesser General\par
Public License instead of this License.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GNU General Public License, version 3\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
                    GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
                       Version 3, 29 June 2007\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/>\par
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies\par
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
\par
                            Preamble\par
\par
  The GNU General Public License is a free, copyleft license for\par
software and other kinds of works.\par
\par
  The licenses for most software and other practical works are designed\par
to take away your freedom to share and change the works.  By contrast,\par
the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to\par
share and change all versions of a program--to make sure it remains free\par
software for all its users.  We, the Free Software Foundation, use the\par
GNU General Public License for most of our software; it applies also to\par
any other work released this way by its authors.  You can apply it to\par
your programs, too.\par
\par
  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not\par
price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you\par
have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for\par
them if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it if you\par
want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new\par
free programs, and that you know you can do these things.\par
\par
  To protect your rights, we need to prevent others from denying you\par
these rights or asking you to surrender the rights.  Therefore, you have\par
certain responsibilities if you distribute copies of the software, or if\par
you modify it: responsibilities to respect the freedom of others.\par
\par
  For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether\par
gratis or for a fee, you must pass on to the recipients the same\par
freedoms that you received.  You must make sure that they, too, receive\par
or can get the source code.  And you must show them these terms so they\par
know their rights.\par
\par
  Developers that use the GNU GPL protect your rights with two steps:\par
(1) assert copyright on the software, and (2) offer you this License\par
giving you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or modify it.\par
\par
  For the developers' and authors' protection, the GPL clearly explains\par
that there is no warranty for this free software.  For both users' and\par
authors' sake, the GPL requires that modified versions be marked as\par
changed, so that their problems will not be attributed erroneously to\par
authors of previous versions.\par
\par
  Some devices are designed to deny users access to install or run\par
modified versions of the software inside them, although the manufacturer\par
can do so.  This is fundamentally incompatible with the aim of\par
protecting users' freedom to change the software.  The systematic\par
pattern of such abuse occurs in the area of products for individuals to\par
use, which is precisely where it is most unacceptable.  Therefore, we\par
have designed this version of the GPL to prohibit the practice for those\par
products.  If such problems arise substantially in other domains, we\par
stand ready to extend this provision to those domains in future versions\par
of the GPL, as needed to protect the freedom of users.\par
\par
  Finally, every program is threatened constantly by software patents.\par
States should not allow patents to restrict development and use of\par
software on general-purpose computers, but in those that do, we wish to\par
avoid the special danger that patents applied to a free program could\par
make it effectively proprietary.  To prevent this, the GPL assures that\par
patents cannot be used to render the program non-free.\par
\par
  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and\par
modification follow.\par
\par
                       TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
  0. Definitions.\par
\par
  "This License" refers to version 3 of the GNU General Public License.\par
\par
  "Copyright" also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds of\par
works, such as semiconductor masks.\par
\par
  "The Program" refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this\par
License.  Each licensee is addressed as "you".  "Licensees" and\par
"recipients" may be individuals or organizations.\par
\par
  To "modify" a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the work\par
in a fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the making of an\par
exact copy.  The resulting work is called a "modified version" of the\par
earlier work or a work "based on" the earlier work.\par
\par
  A "covered work" means either the unmodified Program or a work based\par
on the Program.\par
\par
  To "propagate" a work means to do anything with it that, without\par
permission, would make you directly or secondarily liable for\par
infringement under applicable copyright law, except executing it on a\par
computer or modifying a private copy.  Propagation includes copying,\par
distribution (with or without modification), making available to the\par
public, and in some countries other activities as well.\par
\par
  To "convey" a work means any kind of propagation that enables other\par
parties to make or receive copies.  Mere interaction with a user through\par
a computer network, with no transfer of a copy, is not conveying.\par
\par
  An interactive user interface displays "Appropriate Legal Notices"\par
to the extent that it includes a convenient and prominently visible\par
feature that (1) displays an appropriate copyright notice, and (2)\par
tells the user that there is no warranty for the work (except to the\par
extent that warranties are provided), that licensees may convey the\par
work under this License, and how to view a copy of this License.  If\par
the interface presents a list of user commands or options, such as a\par
menu, a prominent item in the list meets this criterion.\par
\par
  1. Source Code.\par
\par
  The "source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work\par
for making modifications to it.  "Object code" means any non-source\par
form of a work.\par
\par
  A "Standard Interface" means an interface that either is an official\par
standard defined by a recognized standards body, or, in the case of\par
interfaces specified for a particular programming language, one that\par
is widely used among developers working in that language.\par
\par
  The "System Libraries" of an executable work include anything, other\par
than the work as a whole, that (a) is included in the normal form of\par
packaging a Major Component, but which is not part of that Major\par
Component, and (b) serves only to enable use of the work with that\par
Major Component, or to implement a Standard Interface for which an\par
implementation is available to the public in source code form.  A\par
"Major Component", in this context, means a major essential component\par
(kernel, window system, and so on) of the specific operating system\par
(if any) on which the executable work runs, or a compiler used to\par
produce the work, or an object code interpreter used to run it.\par
\par
  The "Corresponding Source" for a work in object code form means all\par
the source code needed to generate, install, and (for an executable\par
work) run the object code and to modify the work, including scripts to\par
control those activities.  However, it does not include the work's\par
System Libraries, or general-purpose tools or generally available free\par
programs which are used unmodified in performing those activities but\par
which are not part of the work.  For example, Corresponding Source\par
includes interface definition files associated with source files for\par
the work, and the source code for shared libraries and dynamically\par
linked subprograms that the work is specifically designed to require,\par
such as by intimate data communication or control flow between those\par
subprograms and other parts of the work.\par
\par
  The Corresponding Source need not include anything that users\par
can regenerate automatically from other parts of the Corresponding\par
Source.\par
\par
  The Corresponding Source for a work in source code form is that\par
same work.\par
\par
  2. Basic Permissions.\par
\par
  All rights granted under this License are granted for the term of\par
copyright on the Program, and are irrevocable provided the stated\par
conditions are met.  This License explicitly affirms your unlimited\par
permission to run the unmodified Program.  The output from running a\par
covered work is covered by this License only if the output, given its\par
content, constitutes a covered work.  This License acknowledges your\par
rights of fair use or other equivalent, as provided by copyright law.\par
\par
  You may make, run and propagate covered works that you do not\par
convey, without conditions so long as your license otherwise remains\par
in force.  You may convey covered works to others for the sole purpose\par
of having them make modifications exclusively for you, or provide you\par
with facilities for running those works, provided that you comply with\par
the terms of this License in conveying all material for which you do\par
not control copyright.  Those thus making or running the covered works\par
for you must do so exclusively on your behalf, under your direction\par
and control, on terms that prohibit them from making any copies of\par
your copyrighted material outside their relationship with you.\par
\par
  Conveying under any other circumstances is permitted solely under\par
the conditions stated below.  Sublicensing is not allowed; section 10\par
makes it unnecessary.\par
\par
  3. Protecting Users' Legal Rights From Anti-Circumvention Law.\par
\par
  No covered work shall be deemed part of an effective technological\par
measure under any applicable law fulfilling obligations under article\par
11 of the WIPO copyright treaty adopted on 20 December 1996, or\par
similar laws prohibiting or restricting circumvention of such\par
measures.\par
\par
  When you convey a covered work, you waive any legal power to forbid\par
circumvention of technological measures to the extent such circumvention\par
is effected by exercising rights under this License with respect to\par
the covered work, and you disclaim any intention to limit operation or\par
modification of the work as a means of enforcing, against the work's\par
users, your or third parties' legal rights to forbid circumvention of\par
technological measures.\par
\par
  4. Conveying Verbatim Copies.\par
\par
  You may convey verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you\par
receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and\par
appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice;\par
keep intact all notices stating that this License and any\par
non-permissive terms added in accord with section 7 apply to the code;\par
keep intact all notices of the absence of any warranty; and give all\par
recipients a copy of this License along with the Program.\par
\par
  You may charge any price or no price for each copy that you convey,\par
and you may offer support or warranty protection for a fee.\par
\par
  5. Conveying Modified Source Versions.\par
\par
  You may convey a work based on the Program, or the modifications to\par
produce it from the Program, in the form of source code under the\par
terms of section 4, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:\par
\par
    a) The work must carry prominent notices stating that you modified\par
    it, and giving a relevant date.\par
\par
    b) The work must carry prominent notices stating that it is\par
    released under this License and any conditions added under section\par
    7.  This requirement modifies the requirement in section 4 to\par
    "keep intact all notices".\par
\par
    c) You must license the entire work, as a whole, under this\par
    License to anyone who comes into possession of a copy.  This\par
    License will therefore apply, along with any applicable section 7\par
    additional terms, to the whole of the work, and all its parts,\par
    regardless of how they are packaged.  This License gives no\par
    permission to license the work in any other way, but it does not\par
    invalidate such permission if you have separately received it.\par
\par
    d) If the work has interactive user interfaces, each must display\par
    Appropriate Legal Notices; however, if the Program has interactive\par
    interfaces that do not display Appropriate Legal Notices, your\par
    work need not make them do so.\par
\par
  A compilation of a covered work with other separate and independent\par
works, which are not by their nature extensions of the covered work,\par
and which are not combined with it such as to form a larger program,\par
in or on a volume of a storage or distribution medium, is called an\par
"aggregate" if the compilation and its resulting copyright are not\par
used to limit the access or legal rights of the compilation's users\par
beyond what the individual works permit.  Inclusion of a covered work\par
in an aggregate does not cause this License to apply to the other\par
parts of the aggregate.\par
\par
  6. Conveying Non-Source Forms.\par
\par
  You may convey a covered work in object code form under the terms\par
of sections 4 and 5, provided that you also convey the\par
machine-readable Corresponding Source under the terms of this License,\par
in one of these ways:\par
\par
    a) Convey the object code in, or embodied in, a physical product\par
    (including a physical distribution medium), accompanied by the\par
    Corresponding Source fixed on a durable physical medium\par
    customarily used for software interchange.\par
\par
    b) Convey the object code in, or embodied in, a physical product\par
    (including a physical distribution medium), accompanied by a\par
    written offer, valid for at least three years and valid for as\par
    long as you offer spare parts or customer support for that product\par
    model, to give anyone who possesses the object code either (1) a\par
    copy of the Corresponding Source for all the software in the\par
    product that is covered by this License, on a durable physical\par
    medium customarily used for software interchange, for a price no\par
    more than your reasonable cost of physically performing this\par
    conveying of source, or (2) access to copy the\par
    Corresponding Source from a network server at no charge.\par
\par
    c) Convey individual copies of the object code with a copy of the\par
    written offer to provide the Corresponding Source.  This\par
    alternative is allowed only occasionally and noncommercially, and\par
    only if you received the object code with such an offer, in accord\par
    with subsection 6b.\par
\par
    d) Convey the object code by offering access from a designated\par
    place (gratis or for a charge), and offer equivalent access to the\par
    Corresponding Source in the same way through the same place at no\par
    further charge.  You need not require recipients to copy the\par
    Corresponding Source along with the object code.  If the place to\par
    copy the object code is a network server, the Corresponding Source\par
    may be on a different server (operated by you or a third party)\par
    that supports equivalent copying facilities, provided you maintain\par
    clear directions next to the object code saying where to find the\par
    Corresponding Source.  Regardless of what server hosts the\par
    Corresponding Source, you remain obligated to ensure that it is\par
    available for as long as needed to satisfy these requirements.\par
\par
    e) Convey the object code using peer-to-peer transmission, provided\par
    you inform other peers where the object code and Corresponding\par
    Source of the work are being offered to the general public at no\par
    charge under subsection 6d.\par
\par
  A separable portion of the object code, whose source code is excluded\par
from the Corresponding Source as a System Library, need not be\par
included in conveying the object code work.\par
\par
  A "User Product" is either (1) a "consumer product", which means any\par
tangible personal property which is normally used for personal, family,\par
or household purposes, or (2) anything designed or sold for incorporation\par
into a dwelling.  In determining whether a product is a consumer product,\par
doubtful cases shall be resolved in favor of coverage.  For a particular\par
product received by a particular user, "normally used" refers to a\par
typical or common use of that class of product, regardless of the status\par
of the particular user or of the way in which the particular user\par
actually uses, or expects or is expected to use, the product.  A product\par
is a consumer product regardless of whether the product has substantial\par
commercial, industrial or non-consumer uses, unless such uses represent\par
the only significant mode of use of the product.\par
\par
  "Installation Information" for a User Product means any methods,\par
procedures, authorization keys, or other information required to install\par
and execute modified versions of a covered work in that User Product from\par
a modified version of its Corresponding Source.  The information must\par
suffice to ensure that the continued functioning of the modified object\par
code is in no case prevented or interfered with solely because\par
modification has been made.\par
\par
  If you convey an object code work under this section in, or with, or\par
specifically for use in, a User Product, and the conveying occurs as\par
part of a transaction in which the right of possession and use of the\par
User Product is transferred to the recipient in perpetuity or for a\par
fixed term (regardless of how the transaction is characterized), the\par
Corresponding Source conveyed under this section must be accompanied\par
by the Installation Information.  But this requirement does not apply\par
if neither you nor any third party retains the ability to install\par
modified object code on the User Product (for example, the work has\par
been installed in ROM).\par
\par
  The requirement to provide Installation Information does not include a\par
requirement to continue to provide support service, warranty, or updates\par
for a work that has been modified or installed by the recipient, or for\par
the User Product in which it has been modified or installed.  Access to a\par
network may be denied when the modification itself materially and\par
adversely affects the operation of the network or violates the rules and\par
protocols for communication across the network.\par
\par
  Corresponding Source conveyed, and Installation Information provided,\par
in accord with this section must be in a format that is publicly\par
documented (and with an implementation available to the public in\par
source code form), and must require no special password or key for\par
unpacking, reading or copying.\par
\par
  7. Additional Terms.\par
\par
  "Additional permissions" are terms that supplement the terms of this\par
License by making exceptions from one or more of its conditions.\par
Additional permissions that are applicable to the entire Program shall\par
be treated as though they were included in this License, to the extent\par
that they are valid under applicable law.  If additional permissions\par
apply only to part of the Program, that part may be used separately\par
under those permissions, but the entire Program remains governed by\par
this License without regard to the additional permissions.\par
\par
  When you convey a copy of a covered work, you may at your option\par
remove any additional permissions from that copy, or from any part of\par
it.  (Additional permissions may be written to require their own\par
removal in certain cases when you modify the work.)  You may place\par
additional permissions on material, added by you to a covered work,\par
for which you have or can give appropriate copyright permission.\par
\par
  Notwithstanding any other provision of this License, for material you\par
add to a covered work, you may (if authorized by the copyright holders of\par
that material) supplement the terms of this License with terms:\par
\par
    a) Disclaiming warranty or limiting liability differently from the\par
    terms of sections 15 and 16 of this License; or\par
\par
    b) Requiring preservation of specified reasonable legal notices or\par
    author attributions in that material or in the Appropriate Legal\par
    Notices displayed by works containing it; or\par
\par
    c) Prohibiting misrepresentation of the origin of that material, or\par
    requiring that modified versions of such material be marked in\par
    reasonable ways as different from the original version; or\par
\par
    d) Limiting the use for publicity purposes of names of licensors or\par
    authors of the material; or\par
\par
    e) Declining to grant rights under trademark law for use of some\par
    trade names, trademarks, or service marks; or\par
\par
    f) Requiring indemnification of licensors and authors of that\par
    material by anyone who conveys the material (or modified versions of\par
    it) with contractual assumptions of liability to the recipient, for\par
    any liability that these contractual assumptions directly impose on\par
    those licensors and authors.\par
\par
  All other non-permissive additional terms are considered "further\par
restrictions" within the meaning of section 10.  If the Program as you\par
received it, or any part of it, contains a notice stating that it is\par
governed by this License along with a term that is a further\par
restriction, you may remove that term.  If a license document contains\par
a further restriction but permits relicensing or conveying under this\par
License, you may add to a covered work material governed by the terms\par
of that license document, provided that the further restriction does\par
not survive such relicensing or conveying.\par
\par
  If you add terms to a covered work in accord with this section, you\par
must place, in the relevant source files, a statement of the\par
additional terms that apply to those files, or a notice indicating\par
where to find the applicable terms.\par
\par
  Additional terms, permissive or non-permissive, may be stated in the\par
form of a separately written license, or stated as exceptions;\par
the above requirements apply either way.\par
\par
  8. Termination.\par
\par
  You may not propagate or modify a covered work except as expressly\par
provided under this License.  Any attempt otherwise to propagate or\par
modify it is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under\par
this License (including any patent licenses granted under the third\par
paragraph of section 11).\par
\par
  However, if you cease all violation of this License, then your\par
license from a particular copyright holder is reinstated (a)\par
provisionally, unless and until the copyright holder explicitly and\par
finally terminates your license, and (b) permanently, if the copyright\par
holder fails to notify you of the violation by some reasonable means\par
prior to 60 days after the cessation.\par
\par
  Moreover, your license from a particular copyright holder is\par
reinstated permanently if the copyright holder notifies you of the\par
violation by some reasonable means, this is the first time you have\par
received notice of violation of this License (for any work) from that\par
copyright holder, and you cure the violation prior to 30 days after\par
your receipt of the notice.\par
\par
  Termination of your rights under this section does not terminate the\par
licenses of parties who have received copies or rights from you under\par
this License.  If your rights have been terminated and not permanently\par
reinstated, you do not qualify to receive new licenses for the same\par
material under section 10.\par
\par
  9. Acceptance Not Required for Having Copies.\par
\par
  You are not required to accept this License in order to receive or\par
run a copy of the Program.  Ancillary propagation of a covered work\par
occurring solely as a consequence of using peer-to-peer transmission\par
to receive a copy likewise does not require acceptance.  However,\par
nothing other than this License grants you permission to propagate or\par
modify any covered work.  These actions infringe copyright if you do\par
not accept this License.  Therefore, by modifying or propagating a\par
covered work, you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so.\par
\par
  10. Automatic Licensing of Downstream Recipients.\par
\par
  Each time you convey a covered work, the recipient automatically\par
receives a license from the original licensors, to run, modify and\par
propagate that work, subject to this License.  You are not responsible\par
for enforcing compliance by third parties with this License.\par
\par
  An "entity transaction" is a transaction transferring control of an\par
organization, or substantially all assets of one, or subdividing an\par
organization, or merging organizations.  If propagation of a covered\par
work results from an entity transaction, each party to that\par
transaction who receives a copy of the work also receives whatever\par
licenses to the work the party's predecessor in interest had or could\par
give under the previous paragraph, plus a right to possession of the\par
Corresponding Source of the work from the predecessor in interest, if\par
the predecessor has it or can get it with reasonable efforts.\par
\par
  You may not impose any further restrictions on the exercise of the\par
rights granted or affirmed under this License.  For example, you may\par
not impose a license fee, royalty, or other charge for exercise of\par
rights granted under this License, and you may not initiate litigation\par
(including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that\par
any patent claim is infringed by making, using, selling, offering for\par
sale, or importing the Program or any portion of it.\par
\par
  11. Patents.\par
\par
  A "contributor" is a copyright holder who authorizes use under this\par
License of the Program or a work on which the Program is based.  The\par
work thus licensed is called the contributor's "contributor version".\par
\par
  A contributor's "essential patent claims" are all patent claims\par
owned or controlled by the contributor, whether already acquired or\par
hereafter acquired, that would be infringed by some manner, permitted\par
by this License, of making, using, or selling its contributor version,\par
but do not include claims that would be infringed only as a\par
consequence of further modification of the contributor version.  For\par
purposes of this definition, "control" includes the right to grant\par
patent sublicenses in a manner consistent with the requirements of\par
this License.\par
\par
  Each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free\par
patent license under the contributor's essential patent claims, to\par
make, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise run, modify and\par
propagate the contents of its contributor version.\par
\par
  In the following three paragraphs, a "patent license" is any express\par
agreement or commitment, however denominated, not to enforce a patent\par
(such as an express permission to practice a patent or covenant not to\par
sue for patent infringement).  To "grant" such a patent license to a\par
party means to make such an agreement or commitment not to enforce a\par
patent against the party.\par
\par
  If you convey a covered work, knowingly relying on a patent license,\par
and the Corresponding Source of the work is not available for anyone\par
to copy, free of charge and under the terms of this License, through a\par
publicly available network server or other readily accessible means,\par
then you must either (1) cause the Corresponding Source to be so\par
available, or (2) arrange to deprive yourself of the benefit of the\par
patent license for this particular work, or (3) arrange, in a manner\par
consistent with the requirements of this License, to extend the patent\par
license to downstream recipients.  "Knowingly relying" means you have\par
actual knowledge that, but for the patent license, your conveying the\par
covered work in a country, or your recipient's use of the covered work\par
in a country, would infringe one or more identifiable patents in that\par
country that you have reason to believe are valid.\par
\par
  If, pursuant to or in connection with a single transaction or\par
arrangement, you convey, or propagate by procuring conveyance of, a\par
covered work, and grant a patent license to some of the parties\par
receiving the covered work authorizing them to use, propagate, modify\par
or convey a specific copy of the covered work, then the patent license\par
you grant is automatically extended to all recipients of the covered\par
work and works based on it.\par
\par
  A patent license is "discriminatory" if it does not include within\par
the scope of its coverage, prohibits the exercise of, or is\par
conditioned on the non-exercise of one or more of the rights that are\par
specifically granted under this License.  You may not convey a covered\par
work if you are a party to an arrangement with a third party that is\par
in the business of distributing software, under which you make payment\par
to the third party based on the extent of your activity of conveying\par
the work, and under which the third party grants, to any of the\par
parties who would receive the covered work from you, a discriminatory\par
patent license (a) in connection with copies of the covered work\par
conveyed by you (or copies made from those copies), or (b) primarily\par
for and in connection with specific products or compilations that\par
contain the covered work, unless you entered into that arrangement,\par
or that patent license was granted, prior to 28 March 2007.\par
\par
  Nothing in this License shall be construed as excluding or limiting\par
any implied license or other defenses to infringement that may\par
otherwise be available to you under applicable patent law.\par
\par
  12. No Surrender of Others' Freedom.\par
\par
  If conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or\par
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not\par
excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot convey a\par
covered work so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this\par
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may\par
not convey it at all.  For example, if you agree to terms that obligate you\par
to collect a royalty for further conveying from those to whom you convey\par
the Program, the only way you could satisfy both those terms and this\par
License would be to refrain entirely from conveying the Program.\par
\par
  13. Use with the GNU Affero General Public License.\par
\par
  Notwithstanding any other provision of this License, you have\par
permission to link or combine any covered work with a work licensed\par
under version 3 of the GNU Affero General Public License into a single\par
combined work, and to convey the resulting work.  The terms of this\par
License will continue to apply to the part which is the covered work,\par
but the special requirements of the GNU Affero General Public License,\par
section 13, concerning interaction through a network will apply to the\par
combination as such.\par
\par
  14. Revised Versions of this License.\par
\par
  The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of\par
the GNU General Public License from time to time.  Such new versions will\par
be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to\par
address new problems or concerns.\par
\par
  Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the\par
Program specifies that a certain numbered version of the GNU General\par
Public License "or any later version" applies to it, you have the\par
option of following the terms and conditions either of that numbered\par
version or of any later version published by the Free Software\par
Foundation.  If the Program does not specify a version number of the\par
GNU General Public License, you may choose any version ever published\par
by the Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
  If the Program specifies that a proxy can decide which future\par
versions of the GNU General Public License can be used, that proxy's\par
public statement of acceptance of a version permanently authorizes you\par
to choose that version for the Program.\par
\par
  Later license versions may give you additional or different\par
permissions.  However, no additional obligations are imposed on any\par
author or copyright holder as a result of your choosing to follow a\par
later version.\par
\par
  15. Disclaimer of Warranty.\par
\par
  THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY\par
APPLICABLE LAW.  EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT\par
HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY\par
OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM\par
IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF\par
ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.\par
\par
  16. Limitation of Liability.\par
\par
  IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING\par
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR CONVEYS\par
THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY\par
GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE\par
USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF\par
DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD\par
PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS),\par
EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGES.\par
\par
  17. Interpretation of Sections 15 and 16.\par
\par
  If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided\par
above cannot be given local legal effect according to their terms,\par
reviewing courts shall apply local law that most closely approximates\par
an absolute waiver of all civil liability in connection with the\par
Program, unless a warranty or assumption of liability accompanies a\par
copy of the Program in return for a fee.\par
\par
                     END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
            How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs\par
\par
  If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest\par
possible use to the public, the best way to achieve this is to make it\par
free software which everyone can redistribute and change under these terms.\par
\par
  To do so, attach the following notices to the program.  It is safest\par
to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively\par
state the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least\par
the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.\par
\par
    <one line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.>\par
    Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>\par
\par
    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or\par
    (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
    GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.\par
\par
  If the program does terminal interaction, make it output a short\par
notice like this when it starts in an interactive mode:\par
\par
    <program>  Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>\par
    This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details type `show w'.\par
    This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it\par
    under certain conditions; type `show c' for details.\par
\par
The hypothetical commands `show w' and `show c' should show the appropriate\par
parts of the General Public License.  Of course, your program's commands\par
might be different; for a GUI interface, you would use an "about box".\par
\par
  You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or school,\par
if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the program, if necessary.\par
For more information on this, and how to apply and follow the GNU GPL, see\par
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
\par
  The GNU General Public License does not permit incorporating your program\par
into proprietary programs.  If your program is a subroutine library, you\par
may consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with\par
the library.  If this is what you want to do, use the GNU Lesser General\par
Public License instead of this License.  But first, please read\par
<http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/why-not-lgpl.html>.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GNU Lesser General Public License, version 2.1\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
                  GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
                       Version 2.1, February 1999\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 1991, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA\par
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies\par
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
\par
[This is the first released version of the Lesser GPL.  It also counts\par
 as the successor of the GNU Library General Public License, version 2, hence\par
 the version number 2.1.]\par
\par
                            Preamble\par
\par
  The licenses for most software are designed to take away your\par
freedom to share and change it.  By contrast, the GNU General Public\par
Licenses are intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change\par
free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.\par
\par
  This license, the Lesser General Public License, applies to some\par
specially designated software packages--typically libraries--of the\par
Free Software Foundation and other authors who decide to use it.  You\par
can use it too, but we suggest you first think carefully about whether\par
this license or the ordinary General Public License is the better\par
strategy to use in any particular case, based on the explanations below.\par
\par
  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom of use,\par
not price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that\par
you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge\par
for this service if you wish); that you receive source code or can get\par
it if you want it; that you can change the software and use pieces of\par
it in new free programs; and that you are informed that you can do\par
these things.\par
\par
  To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid\par
distributors to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender these\par
rights.  These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for\par
you if you distribute copies of the library or if you modify it.\par
\par
  For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratis\par
or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave\par
you.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source\par
code.  If you link other code with the library, you must provide\par
complete object files to the recipients, so that they can relink them\par
with the library after making changes to the library and recompiling\par
it.  And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.\par
\par
  We protect your rights with a two-step method: (1) we copyright the\par
library, and (2) we offer you this license, which gives you legal\par
permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the library.\par
\par
  To protect each distributor, we want to make it very clear that\par
there is no warranty for the free library.  Also, if the library is\par
modified by someone else and passed on, the recipients should know\par
that what they have is not the original version, so that the original\par
author's reputation will not be affected by problems that might be\par
introduced by others.\par
\par
  Finally, software patents pose a constant threat to the existence of\par
any free program.  We wish to make sure that a company cannot\par
effectively restrict the users of a free program by obtaining a\par
restrictive license from a patent holder.  Therefore, we insist that\par
any patent license obtained for a version of the library must be\par
consistent with the full freedom of use specified in this license.\par
\par
  Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the\par
ordinary GNU General Public License.  This license, the GNU Lesser\par
General Public License, applies to certain designated libraries, and\par
is quite different from the ordinary General Public License.  We use\par
this license for certain libraries in order to permit linking those\par
libraries into non-free programs.\par
\par
  When a program is linked with a library, whether statically or using\par
a shared library, the combination of the two is legally speaking a\par
combined work, a derivative of the original library.  The ordinary\par
General Public License therefore permits such linking only if the\par
entire combination fits its criteria of freedom.  The Lesser General\par
Public License permits more lax criteria for linking other code with\par
the library.\par
\par
  We call this license the "Lesser" General Public License because it\par
does Less to protect the user's freedom than the ordinary General\par
Public License.  It also provides other free software developers Less\par
of an advantage over competing non-free programs.  These disadvantages\par
are the reason we use the ordinary General Public License for many\par
libraries.  However, the Lesser license provides advantages in certain\par
special circumstances.\par
\par
  For example, on rare occasions, there may be a special need to\par
encourage the widest possible use of a certain library, so that it becomes\par
a de-facto standard.  To achieve this, non-free programs must be\par
allowed to use the library.  A more frequent case is that a free\par
library does the same job as widely used non-free libraries.  In this\par
case, there is little to gain by limiting the free library to free\par
software only, so we use the Lesser General Public License.\par
\par
  In other cases, permission to use a particular library in non-free\par
programs enables a greater number of people to use a large body of\par
free software.  For example, permission to use the GNU C Library in\par
non-free programs enables many more people to use the whole GNU\par
operating system, as well as its variant, the GNU/Linux operating\par
system.\par
\par
  Although the Lesser General Public License is Less protective of the\par
users' freedom, it does ensure that the user of a program that is\par
linked with the Library has the freedom and the wherewithal to run\par
that program using a modified version of the Library.\par
\par
  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and\par
modification follow.  Pay close attention to the difference between a\par
"work based on the library" and a "work that uses the library".  The\par
former contains code derived from the library, whereas the latter must\par
be combined with the library in order to run.\par
\par
                  GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION\par
\par
  0. This License Agreement applies to any software library or other\par
program which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or\par
other authorized party saying it may be distributed under the terms of\par
this Lesser General Public License (also called "this License").\par
Each licensee is addressed as "you".\par
\par
  A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data\par
prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs\par
(which use some of those functions and data) to form executables.\par
\par
  The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work\par
which has been distributed under these terms.  A "work based on the\par
Library" means either the Library or any derivative work under\par
copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Library or a\par
portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated\par
straightforwardly into another language.  (Hereinafter, translation is\par
included without limitation in the term "modification".)\par
\par
  "Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for\par
making modifications to it.  For a library, complete source code means\par
all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated\par
interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation\par
and installation of the library.\par
\par
  Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not\par
covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of\par
running a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from\par
such a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based\par
on the Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for\par
writing it).  Whether that is true depends on what the Library does\par
and what the program that uses the Library does.\par
\par
  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's\par
complete source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that\par
you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an\par
appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact\par
all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any\par
warranty; and distribute a copy of this License along with the\par
Library.\par
\par
  You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy,\par
and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a\par
fee.\par
\par
  2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion\par
of it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and\par
distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1\par
above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:\par
\par
    a) The modified work must itself be a software library.\par
\par
    b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices\par
    stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.\par
\par
    c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no\par
    charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.\par
\par
    d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a\par
    table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses\par
    the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility\par
    is invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure that,\par
    in the event an application does not supply such function or\par
    table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of\par
    its purpose remains meaningful.\par
\par
    (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has\par
    a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the\par
    application.  Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any\par
    application-supplied function or table used by this function must\par
    be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square\par
    root function must still compute square roots.)\par
\par
These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If\par
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library,\par
and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in\par
themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those\par
sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you\par
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based\par
on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of\par
this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the\par
entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote\par
it.\par
\par
Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest\par
your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to\par
exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or\par
collective works based on the Library.\par
\par
In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library\par
with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of\par
a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under\par
the scope of this License.\par
\par
  3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public\par
License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library.  To do\par
this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so\par
that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2,\par
instead of to this License.  (If a newer version than version 2 of the\par
ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify\par
that version instead if you wish.)  Do not make any other change in\par
these notices.\par
\par
  Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for\par
that copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all\par
subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy.\par
\par
  This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of\par
the Library into a program that is not a library.\par
\par
  4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or\par
derivative of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form\par
under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany\par
it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which\par
must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a\par
medium customarily used for software interchange.\par
\par
  If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy\par
from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the\par
source code from the same place satisfies the requirement to\par
distribute the source code, even though third parties are not\par
compelled to copy the source along with the object code.\par
\par
  5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the\par
Library, but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or\par
linked with it, is called a "work that uses the Library".  Such a\par
work, in isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and\par
therefore falls outside the scope of this License.\par
\par
  However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library\par
creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it\par
contains portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the\par
library".  The executable is therefore covered by this License.\par
Section 6 states terms for distribution of such executables.\par
\par
  When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file\par
that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a\par
derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not.\par
Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be\par
linked without the Library, or if the work is itself a library.  The\par
threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law.\par
\par
  If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data\par
structure layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline\par
functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of the object\par
file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative\par
work.  (Executables containing this object code plus portions of the\par
Library will still fall under Section 6.)\par
\par
  Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may\par
distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6.\par
Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6,\par
whether or not they are linked directly with the Library itself.\par
\par
  6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also combine or\par
link a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a\par
work containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work\par
under terms of your choice, provided that the terms permit\par
modification of the work for the customer's own use and reverse\par
engineering for debugging such modifications.\par
\par
  You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the\par
Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by\par
this License.  You must supply a copy of this License.  If the work\par
during execution displays copyright notices, you must include the\par
copyright notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference\par
directing the user to the copy of this License.  Also, you must do one\par
of these things:\par
\par
    a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding\par
    machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever\par
    changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under\par
    Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked\par
    with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that\par
    uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the\par
    user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified\par
    executable containing the modified Library.  (It is understood\par
    that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the\par
    Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application\par
    to use the modified definitions.)\par
\par
    b) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the\par
    Library.  A suitable mechanism is one that (1) uses at run time a\par
    copy of the library already present on the user's computer system,\par
    rather than copying library functions into the executable, and (2)\par
    will operate properly with a modified version of the library, if\par
    the user installs one, as long as the modified version is\par
    interface-compatible with the version that the work was made with.\par
\par
    c) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at\par
    least three years, to give the same user the materials\par
    specified in Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more\par
    than the cost of performing this distribution.\par
\par
    d) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy\par
    from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above\par
    specified materials from the same place.\par
\par
    e) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these\par
    materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.\par
\par
  For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the\par
Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for\par
reproducing the executable from it.  However, as a special exception,\par
the materials to be distributed need not include anything that is\par
normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major\par
components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on\par
which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies\par
the executable.\par
\par
  It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license\par
restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally\par
accompany the operating system.  Such a contradiction means you cannot\par
use both them and the Library together in an executable that you\par
distribute.\par
\par
  7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the\par
Library side-by-side in a single library together with other library\par
facilities not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined\par
library, provided that the separate distribution of the work based on\par
the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise\par
permitted, and provided that you do these two things:\par
\par
    a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work\par
    based on the Library, uncombined with any other library\par
    facilities.  This must be distributed under the terms of the\par
    Sections above.\par
\par
    b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact\par
    that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining\par
    where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.\par
\par
  8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute\par
the Library except as expressly provided under this License.  Any\par
attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or\par
distribute the Library is void, and will automatically terminate your\par
rights under this License.  However, parties who have received copies,\par
or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses\par
terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.\par
\par
  9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not\par
signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or\par
distribute the Library or its derivative works.  These actions are\par
prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by\par
modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the\par
Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and\par
all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying\par
the Library or works based on it.\par
\par
  10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the\par
Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the\par
original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library\par
subject to these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further\par
restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.\par
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with\par
this License.\par
\par
  11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent\par
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),\par
conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or\par
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not\par
excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot\par
distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this\par
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you\par
may not distribute the Library at all.  For example, if a patent\par
license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by\par
all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then\par
the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to\par
refrain entirely from distribution of the Library.\par
\par
If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any\par
particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply,\par
and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.\par
\par
It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any\par
patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any\par
such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the\par
integrity of the free software distribution system which is\par
implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made\par
generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed\par
through that system in reliance on consistent application of that\par
system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing\par
to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot\par
impose that choice.\par
\par
This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to\par
be a consequence of the rest of this License.\par
\par
  12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in\par
certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the\par
original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may add\par
an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries,\par
so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus\par
excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if\par
written in the body of this License.\par
\par
  13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new\par
versions of the Lesser General Public License from time to time.\par
Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version,\par
but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.\par
\par
Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Library\par
specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and\par
"any later version", you have the option of following the terms and\par
conditions either of that version or of any later version published by\par
the Free Software Foundation.  If the Library does not specify a\par
license version number, you may choose any version ever published by\par
the Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
  14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free\par
programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these,\par
write to the author to ask for permission.  For software which is\par
copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this.  Our\par
decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status\par
of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing\par
and reuse of software generally.\par
\par
                            NO WARRANTY\par
\par
  15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO\par
WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.\par
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR\par
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY\par
KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE\par
LIBRARY IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME\par
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.\par
\par
  16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN\par
WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY\par
AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU\par
FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE\par
LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING\par
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A\par
FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF\par
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH\par
DAMAGES.\par
\par
                     END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
           How to Apply These Terms to Your New Libraries\par
\par
  If you develop a new library, and you want it to be of the greatest\par
possible use to the public, we recommend making it free software that\par
everyone can redistribute and change.  You can do so by permitting\par
redistribution under these terms (or, alternatively, under the terms of the\par
ordinary General Public License).\par
\par
  To apply these terms, attach the following notices to the library.  It is\par
safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively\par
convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the\par
"copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.\par
\par
    <one line to give the library's name and a brief idea of what it does.>\par
    Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>\par
\par
    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
    modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
    License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
    version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
    This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
    Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
\par
    You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public\par
    License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software\par
    Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA\par
\par
Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.\par
\par
You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your\par
school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the library, if\par
necessary.  Here is a sample; alter the names:\par
\par
  Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the\par
  library `Frob' (a library for tweaking knobs) written by James Random Hacker.\par
\par
  <signature of Ty Coon>, 1 April 1990\par
  Ty Coon, President of Vice\par
\par
That's all there is to it!\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GNU Lesser General Public License, version 3\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
                   GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
                       Version 3, 29 June 2007\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/>\par
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies\par
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
\par
\par
  This version of the GNU Lesser General Public License incorporates\par
the terms and conditions of version 3 of the GNU General Public\par
License, supplemented by the additional permissions listed below.\par
\par
  0. Additional Definitions.\par
\par
  As used herein, "this License" refers to version 3 of the GNU Lesser\par
General Public License, and the "GNU GPL" refers to version 3 of the GNU\par
General Public License.\par
\par
  "The Library" refers to a covered work governed by this License,\par
other than an Application or a Combined Work as defined below.\par
\par
  An "Application" is any work that makes use of an interface provided\par
by the Library, but which is not otherwise based on the Library.\par
Defining a subclass of a class defined by the Library is deemed a mode\par
of using an interface provided by the Library.\par
\par
  A "Combined Work" is a work produced by combining or linking an\par
Application with the Library.  The particular version of the Library\par
with which the Combined Work was made is also called the "Linked\par
Version".\par
\par
  The "Minimal Corresponding Source" for a Combined Work means the\par
Corresponding Source for the Combined Work, excluding any source code\par
for portions of the Combined Work that, considered in isolation, are\par
based on the Application, and not on the Linked Version.\par
\par
  The "Corresponding Application Code" for a Combined Work means the\par
object code and/or source code for the Application, including any data\par
and utility programs needed for reproducing the Combined Work from the\par
Application, but excluding the System Libraries of the Combined Work.\par
\par
  1. Exception to Section 3 of the GNU GPL.\par
\par
  You may convey a covered work under sections 3 and 4 of this License\par
without being bound by section 3 of the GNU GPL.\par
\par
  2. Conveying Modified Versions.\par
\par
  If you modify a copy of the Library, and, in your modifications, a\par
facility refers to a function or data to be supplied by an Application\par
that uses the facility (other than as an argument passed when the\par
facility is invoked), then you may convey a copy of the modified\par
version:\par
\par
   a) under this License, provided that you make a good faith effort to\par
   ensure that, in the event an Application does not supply the\par
   function or data, the facility still operates, and performs\par
   whatever part of its purpose remains meaningful, or\par
\par
   b) under the GNU GPL, with none of the additional permissions of\par
   this License applicable to that copy.\par
\par
  3. Object Code Incorporating Material from Library Header Files.\par
\par
  The object code form of an Application may incorporate material from\par
a header file that is part of the Library.  You may convey such object\par
code under terms of your choice, provided that, if the incorporated\par
material is not limited to numerical parameters, data structure\par
layouts and accessors, or small macros, inline functions and templates\par
(ten or fewer lines in length), you do both of the following:\par
\par
   a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the object code that the\par
   Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are\par
   covered by this License.\par
\par
   b) Accompany the object code with a copy of the GNU GPL and this license\par
   document.\par
\par
  4. Combined Works.\par
\par
  You may convey a Combined Work under terms of your choice that,\par
taken together, effectively do not restrict modification of the\par
portions of the Library contained in the Combined Work and reverse\par
engineering for debugging such modifications, if you also do each of\par
the following:\par
\par
   a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the Combined Work that\par
   the Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are\par
   covered by this License.\par
\par
   b) Accompany the Combined Work with a copy of the GNU GPL and this license\par
   document.\par
\par
   c) For a Combined Work that displays copyright notices during\par
   execution, include the copyright notice for the Library among\par
   these notices, as well as a reference directing the user to the\par
   copies of the GNU GPL and this license document.\par
\par
   d) Do one of the following:\par
\par
       0) Convey the Minimal Corresponding Source under the terms of this\par
       License, and the Corresponding Application Code in a form\par
       suitable for, and under terms that permit, the user to\par
       recombine or relink the Application with a modified version of\par
       the Linked Version to produce a modified Combined Work, in the\par
       manner specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL for conveying\par
       Corresponding Source.\par
\par
       1) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the\par
       Library.  A suitable mechanism is one that (a) uses at run time\par
       a copy of the Library already present on the user's computer\par
       system, and (b) will operate properly with a modified version\par
       of the Library that is interface-compatible with the Linked\par
       Version.\par
\par
   e) Provide Installation Information, but only if you would otherwise\par
   be required to provide such information under section 6 of the\par
   GNU GPL, and only to the extent that such information is\par
   necessary to install and execute a modified version of the\par
   Combined Work produced by recombining or relinking the\par
   Application with a modified version of the Linked Version. (If\par
   you use option 4d0, the Installation Information must accompany\par
   the Minimal Corresponding Source and Corresponding Application\par
   Code. If you use option 4d1, you must provide the Installation\par
   Information in the manner specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL\par
   for conveying Corresponding Source.)\par
\par
  5. Combined Libraries.\par
\par
  You may place library facilities that are a work based on the\par
Library side by side in a single library together with other library\par
facilities that are not Applications and are not covered by this\par
License, and convey such a combined library under terms of your\par
choice, if you do both of the following:\par
\par
   a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work based\par
   on the Library, uncombined with any other library facilities,\par
   conveyed under the terms of this License.\par
\par
   b) Give prominent notice with the combined library that part of it\par
   is a work based on the Library, and explaining where to find the\par
   accompanying uncombined form of the same work.\par
\par
  6. Revised Versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License.\par
\par
  The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions\par
of the GNU Lesser General Public License from time to time. Such new\par
versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may\par
differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.\par
\par
  Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the\par
Library as you received it specifies that a certain numbered version\par
of the GNU Lesser General Public License "or any later version"\par
applies to it, you have the option of following the terms and\par
conditions either of that published version or of any later version\par
published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Library as you\par
received it does not specify a version number of the GNU Lesser\par
General Public License, you may choose any version of the GNU Lesser\par
General Public License ever published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
  If the Library as you received it specifies that a proxy can decide\par
whether future versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License shall\par
apply, that proxy's public statement of acceptance of any version is\par
permanent authorization for you to choose that version for the\par
Library.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
GNU Library General Public License, version 2\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
		  GNU LIBRARY GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
		       Version 2, June 1991\par
\par
 Copyright (C) 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\par
 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA\par
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies\par
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
\par
[This is the first released version of the library GPL.  It is\par
 numbered 2 because it goes with version 2 of the ordinary GPL.]\par
\par
			    Preamble\par
\par
  The licenses for most software are designed to take away your\par
freedom to share and change it.  By contrast, the GNU General Public\par
Licenses are intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change\par
free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.\par
\par
  This license, the Library General Public License, applies to some\par
specially designated Free Software Foundation software, and to any\par
other libraries whose authors decide to use it.  You can use it for\par
your libraries, too.\par
\par
  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not\par
price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you\par
have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for\par
this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it\par
if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it\par
in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.\par
\par
  To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid\par
anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights.\par
These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if\par
you distribute copies of the library, or if you modify it.\par
\par
  For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratis\par
or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave\par
you.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source\par
code.  If you link a program with the library, you must provide\par
complete object files to the recipients so that they can relink them\par
with the library, after making changes to the library and recompiling\par
it.  And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.\par
\par
  Our method of protecting your rights has two steps: (1) copyright\par
the library, and (2) offer you this license which gives you legal\par
permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the library.\par
\par
  Also, for each distributor's protection, we want to make certain\par
that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free\par
library.  If the library is modified by someone else and passed on, we\par
want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original\par
version, so that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on\par
the original authors' reputations.\par
\par
  Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software\par
patents.  We wish to avoid the danger that companies distributing free\par
software will individually obtain patent licenses, thus in effect\par
transforming the program into proprietary software.  To prevent this,\par
we have made it clear that any patent must be licensed for everyone's\par
free use or not licensed at all.\par
\par
  Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the ordinary\par
GNU General Public License, which was designed for utility programs.  This\par
license, the GNU Library General Public License, applies to certain\par
designated libraries.  This license is quite different from the ordinary\par
one; be sure to read it in full, and don't assume that anything in it is\par
the same as in the ordinary license.\par
\par
  The reason we have a separate public license for some libraries is that\par
they blur the distinction we usually make between modifying or adding to a\par
program and simply using it.  Linking a program with a library, without\par
changing the library, is in some sense simply using the library, and is\par
analogous to running a utility program or application program.  However, in\par
a textual and legal sense, the linked executable is a combined work, a\par
derivative of the original library, and the ordinary General Public License\par
treats it as such.\par
\par
  Because of this blurred distinction, using the ordinary General\par
Public License for libraries did not effectively promote software\par
sharing, because most developers did not use the libraries.  We\par
concluded that weaker conditions might promote sharing better.\par
\par
  However, unrestricted linking of non-free programs would deprive the\par
users of those programs of all benefit from the free status of the\par
libraries themselves.  This Library General Public License is intended to\par
permit developers of non-free programs to use free libraries, while\par
preserving your freedom as a user of such programs to change the free\par
libraries that are incorporated in them.  (We have not seen how to achieve\par
this as regards changes in header files, but we have achieved it as regards\par
changes in the actual functions of the Library.)  The hope is that this\par
will lead to faster development of free libraries.\par
\par
  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and\par
modification follow.  Pay close attention to the difference between a\par
"work based on the library" and a "work that uses the library".  The\par
former contains code derived from the library, while the latter only\par
works together with the library.\par
\par
  Note that it is possible for a library to be covered by the ordinary\par
General Public License rather than by this special one.\par
\par
		  GNU LIBRARY GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\par
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION\par
\par
  0. This License Agreement applies to any software library which\par
contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or other authorized\par
party saying it may be distributed under the terms of this Library\par
General Public License (also called "this License").  Each licensee is\par
addressed as "you".\par
\par
  A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data\par
prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs\par
(which use some of those functions and data) to form executables.\par
\par
  The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work\par
which has been distributed under these terms.  A "work based on the\par
Library" means either the Library or any derivative work under\par
copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Library or a\par
portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated\par
straightforwardly into another language.  (Hereinafter, translation is\par
included without limitation in the term "modification".)\par
\par
  "Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for\par
making modifications to it.  For a library, complete source code means\par
all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated\par
interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation\par
and installation of the library.\par
\par
  Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not\par
covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of\par
running a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from\par
such a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based\par
on the Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for\par
writing it).  Whether that is true depends on what the Library does\par
and what the program that uses the Library does.\par
  \par
  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's\par
complete source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that\par
you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an\par
appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact\par
all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any\par
warranty; and distribute a copy of this License along with the\par
Library.\par
\par
  You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy,\par
and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a\par
fee.\par
\par
  2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion\par
of it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and\par
distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1\par
above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:\par
\par
    a) The modified work must itself be a software library.\par
\par
    b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices\par
    stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.\par
\par
    c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no\par
    charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.\par
\par
    d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a\par
    table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses\par
    the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility\par
    is invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure that,\par
    in the event an application does not supply such function or\par
    table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of\par
    its purpose remains meaningful.\par
\par
    (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has\par
    a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the\par
    application.  Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any\par
    application-supplied function or table used by this function must\par
    be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square\par
    root function must still compute square roots.)\par
\par
These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If\par
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library,\par
and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in\par
themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those\par
sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you\par
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based\par
on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of\par
this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the\par
entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote\par
it.\par
\par
Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest\par
your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to\par
exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or\par
collective works based on the Library.\par
\par
In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library\par
with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of\par
a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under\par
the scope of this License.\par
\par
  3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public\par
License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library.  To do\par
this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so\par
that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2,\par
instead of to this License.  (If a newer version than version 2 of the\par
ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify\par
that version instead if you wish.)  Do not make any other change in\par
these notices.\par
\par
  Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for\par
that copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all\par
subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy.\par
\par
  This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of\par
the Library into a program that is not a library.\par
\par
  4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or\par
derivative of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form\par
under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany\par
it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which\par
must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a\par
medium customarily used for software interchange.\par
\par
  If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy\par
from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the\par
source code from the same place satisfies the requirement to\par
distribute the source code, even though third parties are not\par
compelled to copy the source along with the object code.\par
\par
  5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the\par
Library, but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or\par
linked with it, is called a "work that uses the Library".  Such a\par
work, in isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and\par
therefore falls outside the scope of this License.\par
\par
  However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library\par
creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it\par
contains portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the\par
library".  The executable is therefore covered by this License.\par
Section 6 states terms for distribution of such executables.\par
\par
  When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file\par
that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a\par
derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not.\par
Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be\par
linked without the Library, or if the work is itself a library.  The\par
threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law.\par
\par
  If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data\par
structure layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline\par
functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of the object\par
file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative\par
work.  (Executables containing this object code plus portions of the\par
Library will still fall under Section 6.)\par
\par
  Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may\par
distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6.\par
Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6,\par
whether or not they are linked directly with the Library itself.\par
\par
  6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also compile or\par
link a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a\par
work containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work\par
under terms of your choice, provided that the terms permit\par
modification of the work for the customer's own use and reverse\par
engineering for debugging such modifications.\par
\par
  You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the\par
Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by\par
this License.  You must supply a copy of this License.  If the work\par
during execution displays copyright notices, you must include the\par
copyright notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference\par
directing the user to the copy of this License.  Also, you must do one\par
of these things:\par
\par
    a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding\par
    machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever\par
    changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under\par
    Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked\par
    with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that\par
    uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the\par
    user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified\par
    executable containing the modified Library.  (It is understood\par
    that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the\par
    Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application\par
    to use the modified definitions.)\par
\par
    b) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at\par
    least three years, to give the same user the materials\par
    specified in Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more\par
    than the cost of performing this distribution.\par
\par
    c) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy\par
    from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above\par
    specified materials from the same place.\par
\par
    d) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these\par
    materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.\par
\par
  For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the\par
Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for\par
reproducing the executable from it.  However, as a special exception,\par
the source code distributed need not include anything that is normally\par
distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major\par
components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on\par
which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies\par
the executable.\par
\par
  It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license\par
restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally\par
accompany the operating system.  Such a contradiction means you cannot\par
use both them and the Library together in an executable that you\par
distribute.\par
\par
  7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the\par
Library side-by-side in a single library together with other library\par
facilities not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined\par
library, provided that the separate distribution of the work based on\par
the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise\par
permitted, and provided that you do these two things:\par
\par
    a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work\par
    based on the Library, uncombined with any other library\par
    facilities.  This must be distributed under the terms of the\par
    Sections above.\par
\par
    b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact\par
    that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining\par
    where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.\par
\par
  8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute\par
the Library except as expressly provided under this License.  Any\par
attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or\par
distribute the Library is void, and will automatically terminate your\par
rights under this License.  However, parties who have received copies,\par
or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses\par
terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.\par
\par
  9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not\par
signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or\par
distribute the Library or its derivative works.  These actions are\par
prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by\par
modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the\par
Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and\par
all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying\par
the Library or works based on it.\par
\par
  10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the\par
Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the\par
original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library\par
subject to these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further\par
restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.\par
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to\par
this License.\par
\par
  11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent\par
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),\par
conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or\par
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not\par
excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot\par
distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this\par
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you\par
may not distribute the Library at all.  For example, if a patent\par
license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by\par
all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then\par
the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to\par
refrain entirely from distribution of the Library.\par
\par
If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any\par
particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply,\par
and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.\par
\par
It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any\par
patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any\par
such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the\par
integrity of the free software distribution system which is\par
implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made\par
generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed\par
through that system in reliance on consistent application of that\par
system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing\par
to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot\par
impose that choice.\par
\par
This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to\par
be a consequence of the rest of this License.\par
\par
  12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in\par
certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the\par
original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may add\par
an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries,\par
so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus\par
excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if\par
written in the body of this License.\par
\par
  13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new\par
versions of the Library General Public License from time to time.\par
Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version,\par
but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.\par
\par
Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Library\par
specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and\par
"any later version", you have the option of following the terms and\par
conditions either of that version or of any later version published by\par
the Free Software Foundation.  If the Library does not specify a\par
license version number, you may choose any version ever published by\par
the Free Software Foundation.\par
\par
  14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free\par
programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these,\par
write to the author to ask for permission.  For software which is\par
copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free\par
Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this.  Our\par
decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status\par
of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing\par
and reuse of software generally.\par
\par
			    NO WARRANTY\par
\par
  15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO\par
WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.\par
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR\par
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY\par
KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE\par
LIBRARY IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME\par
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.\par
\par
  16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN\par
WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY\par
AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU\par
FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR\par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE\par
LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING\par
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A\par
FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF\par
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH\par
DAMAGES.\par
\par
		     END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
     Appendix: How to Apply These Terms to Your New Libraries\par
\par
  If you develop a new library, and you want it to be of the greatest\par
possible use to the public, we recommend making it free software that\par
everyone can redistribute and change.  You can do so by permitting\par
redistribution under these terms (or, alternatively, under the terms of the\par
ordinary General Public License).\par
\par
  To apply these terms, attach the following notices to the library.  It is\par
safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively\par
convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the\par
"copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.\par
\par
    <one line to give the library's name and a brief idea of what it does.>\par
    Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>\par
\par
    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\par
    modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public\par
    License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\par
    version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
\par
    This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU\par
    Library General Public License for more details.\par
\par
    You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\par
    License along with this library; if not, write to the Free\par
    Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston,\par
    MA 02111-1307, USA\par
\par
Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.\par
\par
You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your\par
school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the library, if\par
necessary.  Here is a sample; alter the names:\par
\par
  Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the\par
  library `Frob' (a library for tweaking knobs) written by James Random Hacker.\par
\par
  <signature of Ty Coon>, 1 April 1990\par
  Ty Coon, President of Vice\par
\par
That's all there is to it!\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
METRO LINK PUBLIC LICENSE\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
\par
METRO LINK PUBLIC LICENSE \par
MOTIF GRAPHICAL USER INTERFACE SOFTWARE\par
Version 1.00\par
\par
THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS METRO LINK PUBLIC LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT. \par
\par
1. DEFINITIONS \par
\par
"Contribution" means: \par
\par
a.  in the case of METRO LINK, INCORPORATED ("METRO LINK"), the Metro Link Program, and \par
 \par
b.  in the case of each Contributor, \par
 \par
1. changes to the Program, and \par
2. additions to the Program; \par
 \par
where such changes and/or additions to the Program originate from and are distributed by that particular Contributor. A Contribution 'originates' from a Contributor if it was added to the Program by such Contributor itself or anyone acting on such Contributor's behalf. Contributions do not include additions to the Program which: (i) are separate modules of software distributed in conjunction with the Program under their own license agreement, and (ii) are not derivative works of the Program. \par
\par
"Contributor" means The Open Group, METRO LINK and any other entity that distributes the Program. \par
\par
"Licensed Patents" mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor which are necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution alone or when combined with the Program. \par
\par
"Open Source"  programs mean software for the source code is available without confidential or trade secret restrictions and for which  the source code and object code are available for distribution without license charges. \par
\par
"Metro Link Program" means the original version of the software accompanying this Agreement as released by METRO LINK, including source code, object code and documentation, if any. \par
\par
"Program" means the Metro Link Program and Contributions.  \par
\par
"Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this Agreement, including all Contributors.  \par
\par
2.     GRANT OF RIGHTS  \par
\par
The rights granted under this license are limited solely to distribution and sublicensing of the Contribution(s) on, with or  for operating systems which are themselves Open Source programs. \par
\par
a. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, The Open Group Public License Agreement attached hereto ("The Open Group Agreement") and  the limitations of this Section 2, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, distribute and sublicense the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, and such derivative works, in source code and object code form. \par
 \par
b. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, The Open Group Agreement and this Section 2, each Contributor hereby grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under Licensed Patents to make, use, sell, offer to sell, import and otherwise transfer the Contribution of such Contributor, if any, in source code and object code form. This patent license shall apply to the combination of the Contribution and the Program if, at the time the Contribution is added by the Contributor, such addition of the Contribution causes such combination to be covered by the Licensed Patents. The patent license shall not apply to any other combinations which include the Contribution. No hardware per se is licensed hereunder. \par
 \par
c. Recipient understands that although each Contributor grants the licenses to its Contributions set forth herein, no assurances are provided by any Contributor that the Program does not infringe the patent or other intellectual property rights of any other entity. Each Contributor disclaims any liability to Recipient for claims brought by any other entity based on infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise. As a condition to exercising the rights and licenses granted hereunder, each Recipient hereby assumes sole responsibility to secure any other intellectual property rights needed, if any. For example, if a third party patent license is required to allow Recipient to distribute the Program, it is Recipient's responsibility to acquire that license before distributing the Program. \par
 \par
d. Each Contributor represents that to its knowledge it has sufficient copyright rights in its Contribution, if any, to grant the copyright license set forth in this Agreement. \par
 \par
3. REQUIREMENTS \par
\par
A Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form under its own license agreement, provided that: \par
\par
a. it complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and The Open Group Agreement; and  \par
\par
b. its license agreement:  \par
\par
1. effectively disclaims on behalf of all Contributors all warranties and conditions, express and implied, including warranties or conditions of title and non-infringement, and implied warranties or conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose; \par
\par
2. effectively excludes on behalf of all Contributors all liability for damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental and consequential damages, such as lost profits; \par
\par
3. states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement are offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other party; and \par
\par
4. states that source code for the Program is available from such Contributor, and informs licensees how to obtain it in a reasonable manner on or through a medium customarily used for software exchange.  \par
\par
When the Program is made available in source code form: \par
\par
a. it must be made available under this Agreement and the Open Group Agreement; and  \par
\par
b. a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the Program.  \par
\par
Each Contributor must include the following in a conspicuous location in the Program: \par
\par
Copyright (C) May, 2000 The Open Group, Metro Link, Incorporated and others. All Rights Reserved \par
\par
In addition, each Contributor must identify itself as the originator of its Contribution, if any, in a manner that reasonably allows subsequent Recipients to identify the originator of the Contribution. \par
\par
4. COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION \par
\par
Commercial distributors of software may accept certain responsibilities with respect to end users, business partners and the like. While this license is intended to facilitate the commercial use of the Program, the Contributor who includes the Program in a commercial product offering should do so in a manner which does not create potential liability for other Contributors. Therefore, if a Contributor includes the Program in a commercial product offering, such Contributor ("Commercial Contributor") hereby agrees to defend and indemnify every other Contributor ("Indemnified Contributor") against any losses, damages and costs (collectively "Losses") arising from claims, lawsuits and other legal actions brought by a third party against the Indemnified Contributor to the extent caused by the acts or omissions of such Commercial Contributor in connection with its distribution of the Program in a commercial product offering. The obligations in this section do not apply to any claims or Losses relating to any actual or alleged intellectual property infringement. In order to qualify, an Indemnified Contributor must:  \par
\par
a)       promptly notify the Commercial Contributor in writing of such claim, and  \par
\par
b)       allow the Commercial Contributor to control, and cooperate with the Commercial Contributor in, the defense and any related settlement negotiations.  \par
\par
The Indemnified Contributor may participate in any such claim at its own expense. \par
\par
For example, a Contributor might include the Program in a commercial product offering, Product X. That Contributor is then a Commercial Contributor. If that Commercial Contributor then makes performance claims, or offers warranties related to Product X, those performance claims and warranties are such Commercial Contributor's responsibility alone. Under this section, the Commercial Contributor would have to defend claims against the other Contributors related to those performance claims and warranties, and if a court requires any other Contributor to pay any damages as a result, the Commercial Contributor must pay those damages. \par
\par
5. NO WARRANTY \par
\par
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each Recipient is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and distributing the Program and assumes all risks associated with its exercise of rights under this Agreement, including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and unavailability or interruption of operations. \par
\par
6. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY \par
\par
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. \par
\par
7. GENERAL \par
\par
If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms of this Agreement, and without further action by the parties hereto, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable.  \par
\par
If Recipient institutes patent litigation against a Contributor with respect to a patent applicable to software (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit), then any patent licenses granted by that Contributor to such Recipient under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed. In addition, if Recipient institutes patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Program itself (excluding combinations of the Program with other software or hardware) infringes such Recipient's patent(s), then such Recipient's rights granted under Section 2(b) shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.  \par
\par
All Recipient's rights under this Agreement shall terminate if it fails to comply with any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement and does not cure such failure in a reasonable period of time after becoming aware of such noncompliance. If all Recipient's rights under this Agreement terminate, Recipient agrees to cease use and distribution of the Program as soon as reasonably practicable. However, Recipient's obligations under this Agreement and any licenses granted by Recipient relating to the Program shall continue and survive.  \par
\par
METRO LINK may publish new versions (including revisions) of this Agreement from time to time. Each new version of the Agreement will be given a distinguishing version number. The Program (including Contributions) may always be distributed subject to the version of the Agreement under which it was received. In addition, after a new version of the Agreement is published, Contributor may elect to distribute the Program (including its Contributions) under the new version. No one other than METRO LINK has the right to modify this Agreement. Except as expressly stated in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, Recipient receives no rights or licenses to the intellectual property of any Contributor under this Agreement, whether expressly, by implication, estoppel or otherwise. All rights in the Program not expressly granted under this Agreement are reserved.  \par
\par
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Florida and the intellectual property laws of the United States of America. \par
\par
No party to this Agreement will bring a legal action under this Agreement more than one year after the cause of action arose. Each party waives its rights to a jury trial in any resulting litigation.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Mozilla Public License, version 1.1\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
                          MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE\par
                                Version 1.1\par
\par
                              ---------------\par
\par
1. Definitions.\par
\par
     1.0.1. "Commercial Use" means distribution or otherwise making the\par
     Covered Code available to a third party.\par
\par
     1.1. "Contributor" means each entity that creates or contributes to\par
     the creation of Modifications.\par
\par
     1.2. "Contributor Version" means the combination of the Original\par
     Code, prior Modifications used by a Contributor, and the Modifications\par
     made by that particular Contributor.\par
\par
     1.3. "Covered Code" means the Original Code or Modifications or the\par
     combination of the Original Code and Modifications, in each case\par
     including portions thereof.\par
\par
     1.4. "Electronic Distribution Mechanism" means a mechanism generally\par
     accepted in the software development community for the electronic\par
     transfer of data.\par
\par
     1.5. "Executable" means Covered Code in any form other than Source\par
     Code.\par
\par
     1.6. "Initial Developer" means the individual or entity identified\par
     as the Initial Developer in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit\par
     A.\par
\par
     1.7. "Larger Work" means a work which combines Covered Code or\par
     portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License.\par
\par
     1.8. "License" means this document.\par
\par
     1.8.1. "Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum\par
     extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or\par
     subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein.\par
\par
     1.9. "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion from the\par
     substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous\par
     Modifications. When Covered Code is released as a series of files, a\par
     Modification is:\par
          A. Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file\par
          containing Original Code or previous Modifications.\par
\par
          B. Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or\par
          previous Modifications.\par
\par
     1.10. "Original Code" means Source Code of computer software code\par
     which is described in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A as\par
     Original Code, and which, at the time of its release under this\par
     License is not already Covered Code governed by this License.\par
\par
     1.10.1. "Patent Claims" means any patent claim(s), now owned or\par
     hereafter acquired, including without limitation,  method, process,\par
     and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by grantor.\par
\par
     1.11. "Source Code" means the preferred form of the Covered Code for\par
     making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus\par
     any associated interface definition files, scripts used to control\par
     compilation and installation of an Executable, or source code\par
     differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another\par
     well known, available Covered Code of the Contributor's choice. The\par
     Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form, provided the\par
     appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available\par
     for no charge.\par
\par
     1.12. "You" (or "Your")  means an individual or a legal entity\par
     exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this\par
     License or a future version of this License issued under Section 6.1.\par
     For legal entities, "You" includes any entity which controls, is\par
     controlled by, or is under common control with You. For purposes of\par
     this definition, "control" means (a) the power, direct or indirect,\par
     to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by\par
     contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than fifty percent\par
     (50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such\par
     entity.\par
\par
2. Source Code License.\par
\par
     2.1. The Initial Developer Grant.\par
     The Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free,\par
     non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property\par
     claims:\par
          (a)  under intellectual property rights (other than patent or\par
          trademark) Licensable by Initial Developer to use, reproduce,\par
          modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original\par
          Code (or portions thereof) with or without Modifications, and/or\par
          as part of a Larger Work; and\par
\par
          (b) under Patents Claims infringed by the making, using or\par
          selling of Original Code, to make, have made, use, practice,\par
          sell, and offer for sale, and/or otherwise dispose of the\par
          Original Code (or portions thereof).\par
\par
          (c) the licenses granted in this Section 2.1(a) and (b) are\par
          effective on the date Initial Developer first distributes\par
          Original Code under the terms of this License.\par
\par
          (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.1(b) above, no patent license is\par
          granted: 1) for code that You delete from the Original Code; 2)\par
          separate from the Original Code;  or 3) for infringements caused\par
          by: i) the modification of the Original Code or ii) the\par
          combination of the Original Code with other software or devices.\par
\par
     2.2. Contributor Grant.\par
     Subject to third party intellectual property claims, each Contributor\par
     hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license\par
\par
          (a)  under intellectual property rights (other than patent or\par
          trademark) Licensable by Contributor, to use, reproduce, modify,\par
          display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Modifications\par
          created by such Contributor (or portions thereof) either on an\par
          unmodified basis, with other Modifications, as Covered Code\par
          and/or as part of a Larger Work; and\par
\par
          (b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using, or\par
          selling of  Modifications made by that Contributor either alone\par
          and/or in combination with its Contributor Version (or portions\par
          of such combination), to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have\par
          made, and/or otherwise dispose of: 1) Modifications made by that\par
          Contributor (or portions thereof); and 2) the combination of\par
          Modifications made by that Contributor with its Contributor\par
          Version (or portions of such combination).\par
\par
          (c) the licenses granted in Sections 2.2(a) and 2.2(b) are\par
          effective on the date Contributor first makes Commercial Use of\par
          the Covered Code.\par
\par
          (d)    Notwithstanding Section 2.2(b) above, no patent license is\par
          granted: 1) for any code that Contributor has deleted from the\par
          Contributor Version; 2)  separate from the Contributor Version;\par
          3)  for infringements caused by: i) third party modifications of\par
          Contributor Version or ii)  the combination of Modifications made\par
          by that Contributor with other software  (except as part of the\par
          Contributor Version) or other devices; or 4) under Patent Claims\par
          infringed by Covered Code in the absence of Modifications made by\par
          that Contributor.\par
\par
3. Distribution Obligations.\par
\par
     3.1. Application of License.\par
     The Modifications which You create or to which You contribute are\par
     governed by the terms of this License, including without limitation\par
     Section 2.2. The Source Code version of Covered Code may be\par
     distributed only under the terms of this License or a future version\par
     of this License released under Section 6.1, and You must include a\par
     copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code You\par
     distribute. You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code\par
     version that alters or restricts the applicable version of this\par
     License or the recipients' rights hereunder. However, You may include\par
     an additional document offering the additional rights described in\par
     Section 3.5.\par
\par
     3.2. Availability of Source Code.\par
     Any Modification which You create or to which You contribute must be\par
     made available in Source Code form under the terms of this License\par
     either on the same media as an Executable version or via an accepted\par
     Electronic Distribution Mechanism to anyone to whom you made an\par
     Executable version available; and if made available via Electronic\par
     Distribution Mechanism, must remain available for at least twelve (12)\par
     months after the date it initially became available, or at least six\par
     (6) months after a subsequent version of that particular Modification\par
     has been made available to such recipients. You are responsible for\par
     ensuring that the Source Code version remains available even if the\par
     Electronic Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party.\par
\par
     3.3. Description of Modifications.\par
     You must cause all Covered Code to which You contribute to contain a\par
     file documenting the changes You made to create that Covered Code and\par
     the date of any change. You must include a prominent statement that\par
     the Modification is derived, directly or indirectly, from Original\par
     Code provided by the Initial Developer and including the name of the\par
     Initial Developer in (a) the Source Code, and (b) in any notice in an\par
     Executable version or related documentation in which You describe the\par
     origin or ownership of the Covered Code.\par
\par
     3.4. Intellectual Property Matters\par
          (a) Third Party Claims.\par
          If Contributor has knowledge that a license under a third party's\par
          intellectual property rights is required to exercise the rights\par
          granted by such Contributor under Sections 2.1 or 2.2,\par
          Contributor must include a text file with the Source Code\par
          distribution titled "LEGAL" which describes the claim and the\par
          party making the claim in sufficient detail that a recipient will\par
          know whom to contact. If Contributor obtains such knowledge after\par
          the Modification is made available as described in Section 3.2,\par
          Contributor shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in all copies\par
          Contributor makes available thereafter and shall take other steps\par
          (such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups)\par
          reasonably calculated to inform those who received the Covered\par
          Code that new knowledge has been obtained.\par
\par
          (b) Contributor APIs.\par
          If Contributor's Modifications include an application programming\par
          interface and Contributor has knowledge of patent licenses which\par
          are reasonably necessary to implement that API, Contributor must\par
          also include this information in the LEGAL file.\par
\par
               (c)    Representations.\par
          Contributor represents that, except as disclosed pursuant to\par
          Section 3.4(a) above, Contributor believes that Contributor's\par
          Modifications are Contributor's original creation(s) and/or\par
          Contributor has sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by\par
          this License.\par
\par
     3.5. Required Notices.\par
     You must duplicate the notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source\par
     Code.  If it is not possible to put such notice in a particular Source\par
     Code file due to its structure, then You must include such notice in a\par
     location (such as a relevant directory) where a user would be likely\par
     to look for such a notice.  If You created one or more Modification(s)\par
     You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in\par
     Exhibit A.  You must also duplicate this License in any documentation\par
     for the Source Code where You describe recipients' rights or ownership\par
     rights relating to Covered Code.  You may choose to offer, and to\par
     charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability\par
     obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code. However, You\par
     may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of the Initial\par
     Developer or any Contributor. You must make it absolutely clear than\par
     any such warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligation is\par
     offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial\par
     Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the\par
     Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of warranty,\par
     support, indemnity or liability terms You offer.\par
\par
     3.6. Distribution of Executable Versions.\par
     You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the\par
     requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code,\par
     and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of\par
     the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License,\par
     including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the\par
     obligations of Section 3.2. The notice must be conspicuously included\par
     in any notice in an Executable version, related documentation or\par
     collateral in which You describe recipients' rights relating to the\par
     Covered Code. You may distribute the Executable version of Covered\par
     Code or ownership rights under a license of Your choice, which may\par
     contain terms different from this License, provided that You are in\par
     compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the\par
     Executable version does not attempt to limit or alter the recipient's\par
     rights in the Source Code version from the rights set forth in this\par
     License. If You distribute the Executable version under a different\par
     license You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ\par
     from this License are offered by You alone, not by the Initial\par
     Developer or any Contributor. You hereby agree to indemnify the\par
     Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by\par
     the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such\par
     terms You offer.\par
\par
     3.7. Larger Works.\par
     You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code\par
     not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger\par
     Work as a single product. In such a case, You must make sure the\par
     requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code.\par
\par
4. Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation.\par
\par
     If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this\par
     License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to\par
     statute, judicial order, or regulation then You must: (a) comply with\par
     the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b)\par
     describe the limitations and the code they affect. Such description\par
     must be included in the LEGAL file described in Section 3.4 and must\par
     be included with all distributions of the Source Code. Except to the\par
     extent prohibited by statute or regulation, such description must be\par
     sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill to be able to\par
     understand it.\par
\par
5. Application of this License.\par
\par
     This License applies to code to which the Initial Developer has\par
     attached the notice in Exhibit A and to related Covered Code.\par
\par
6. Versions of the License.\par
\par
     6.1. New Versions.\par
     Netscape Communications Corporation ("Netscape") may publish revised\par
     and/or new versions of the License from time to time. Each version\par
     will be given a distinguishing version number.\par
\par
     6.2. Effect of New Versions.\par
     Once Covered Code has been published under a particular version of the\par
     License, You may always continue to use it under the terms of that\par
     version. You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms\par
     of any subsequent version of the License published by Netscape. No one\par
     other than Netscape has the right to modify the terms applicable to\par
     Covered Code created under this License.\par
\par
     6.3. Derivative Works.\par
     If You create or use a modified version of this License (which you may\par
     only do in order to apply it to code which is not already Covered Code\par
     governed by this License), You must (a) rename Your license so that\par
     the phrases "Mozilla", "MOZILLAPL", "MOZPL", "Netscape",\par
     "MPL", "NPL" or any confusingly similar phrase do not appear in your\par
     license (except to note that your license differs from this License)\par
     and (b) otherwise make it clear that Your version of the license\par
     contains terms which differ from the Mozilla Public License and\par
     Netscape Public License. (Filling in the name of the Initial\par
     Developer, Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in\par
     Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of\par
     this License.)\par
\par
7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.\par
\par
     COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED UNDER THIS LICENSE ON AN "AS IS" BASIS,\par
     WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,\par
     WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE COVERED CODE IS FREE OF\par
     DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING.\par
     THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE\par
     IS WITH YOU. SHOULD ANY COVERED CODE PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT,\par
     YOU (NOT THE INITIAL DEVELOPER OR ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR) ASSUME THE\par
     COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER\par
     OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF\par
     ANY COVERED CODE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.\par
\par
8. TERMINATION.\par
\par
     8.1.  This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate\par
     automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure\par
     such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All\par
     sublicenses to the Covered Code which are properly granted shall\par
     survive any termination of this License. Provisions which, by their\par
     nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License\par
     shall survive.\par
\par
     8.2.  If You initiate litigation by asserting a patent infringement\par
     claim (excluding declatory judgment actions) against Initial Developer\par
     or a Contributor (the Initial Developer or Contributor against whom\par
     You file such action is referred to as "Participant")  alleging that:\par
\par
     (a)  such Participant's Contributor Version directly or indirectly\par
     infringes any patent, then any and all rights granted by such\par
     Participant to You under Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 of this License\par
     shall, upon 60 days notice from Participant terminate prospectively,\par
     unless if within 60 days after receipt of notice You either: (i)\par
     agree in writing to pay Participant a mutually agreeable reasonable\par
     royalty for Your past and future use of Modifications made by such\par
     Participant, or (ii) withdraw Your litigation claim with respect to\par
     the Contributor Version against such Participant.  If within 60 days\par
     of notice, a reasonable royalty and payment arrangement are not\par
     mutually agreed upon in writing by the parties or the litigation claim\par
     is not withdrawn, the rights granted by Participant to You under\par
     Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 automatically terminate at the expiration of\par
     the 60 day notice period specified above.\par
\par
     (b)  any software, hardware, or device, other than such Participant's\par
     Contributor Version, directly or indirectly infringes any patent, then\par
     any rights granted to You by such Participant under Sections 2.1(b)\par
     and 2.2(b) are revoked effective as of the date You first made, used,\par
     sold, distributed, or had made, Modifications made by that\par
     Participant.\par
\par
     8.3.  If You assert a patent infringement claim against Participant\par
     alleging that such Participant's Contributor Version directly or\par
     indirectly infringes any patent where such claim is resolved (such as\par
     by license or settlement) prior to the initiation of patent\par
     infringement litigation, then the reasonable value of the licenses\par
     granted by such Participant under Sections 2.1 or 2.2 shall be taken\par
     into account in determining the amount or value of any payment or\par
     license.\par
\par
     8.4.  In the event of termination under Sections 8.1 or 8.2 above,\par
     all end user license agreements (excluding distributors and resellers)\par
     which have been validly granted by You or any distributor hereunder\par
     prior to termination shall survive termination.\par
\par
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.\par
\par
     UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER TORT\par
     (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL YOU, THE INITIAL\par
     DEVELOPER, ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY DISTRIBUTOR OF COVERED CODE,\par
     OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES, BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR\par
     ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY\par
     CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL,\par
     WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER\par
     COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN\par
     INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF\par
     LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY\par
     RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW\par
     PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE\par
     EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO\par
     THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.\par
\par
10. U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS.\par
\par
     The Covered Code is a "commercial item," as that term is defined in\par
     48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of "commercial computer\par
     software" and "commercial computer software documentation," as such\par
     terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48\par
     C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995),\par
     all U.S. Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only those\par
     rights set forth herein.\par
\par
11. MISCELLANEOUS.\par
\par
     This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject\par
     matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be\par
     unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent\par
     necessary to make it enforceable. This License shall be governed by\par
     California law provisions (except to the extent applicable law, if\par
     any, provides otherwise), excluding its conflict-of-law provisions.\par
     With respect to disputes in which at least one party is a citizen of,\par
     or an entity chartered or registered to do business in the United\par
     States of America, any litigation relating to this License shall be\par
     subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the Northern\par
     District of California, with venue lying in Santa Clara County,\par
     California, with the losing party responsible for costs, including\par
     without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and\par
     expenses. The application of the United Nations Convention on\par
     Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.\par
     Any law or regulation which provides that the language of a contract\par
     shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this\par
     License.\par
\par
12. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS.\par
\par
     As between Initial Developer and the Contributors, each party is\par
     responsible for claims and damages arising, directly or indirectly,\par
     out of its utilization of rights under this License and You agree to\par
     work with Initial Developer and Contributors to distribute such\par
     responsibility on an equitable basis. Nothing herein is intended or\par
     shall be deemed to constitute any admission of liability.\par
\par
13. MULTIPLE-LICENSED CODE.\par
\par
     Initial Developer may designate portions of the Covered Code as\par
     "Multiple-Licensed".  "Multiple-Licensed" means that the Initial\par
     Developer permits you to utilize portions of the Covered Code under\par
     Your choice of the NPL or the alternative licenses, if any, specified\par
     by the Initial Developer in the file described in Exhibit A.\par
\par
EXHIBIT A -Mozilla Public License.\par
\par
     ``The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License\par
     Version 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in\par
     compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
     http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/\par
\par
     Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS"\par
     basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the\par
     License for the specific language governing rights and limitations\par
     under the License.\par
\par
     The Original Code is ______________________________________.\par
\par
     The Initial Developer of the Original Code is ________________________.\par
     Portions created by ______________________ are Copyright (C) ______\par
     _______________________. All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
     Contributor(s): ______________________________________.\par
\par
     Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms\par
     of the _____ license (the  "[___] License"), in which case the\par
     provisions of [______] License are applicable instead of those\par
     above.  If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only\par
     under the terms of the [____] License and not to allow others to use\par
     your version of this file under the MPL, indicate your decision by\par
     deleting  the provisions above and replace  them with the notice and\par
     other provisions required by the [___] License.  If you do not delete\par
     the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file\par
     under either the MPL or the [___] License."\par
\par
     [NOTE: The text of this Exhibit A may differ slightly from the text of\par
     the notices in the Source Code files of the Original Code. You should\par
     use the text of this Exhibit A rather than the text found in the\par
     Original Code Source Code for Your Modifications.]\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Part Five: Additional Acknowledgements.\par
\par
Alloy Look&Feel\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
The Alloy Look&Feel software and related documentation is copyright (c) INCORS GmbH.\par
\par
JRE\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
This product includes code licensed from RSA Security, Inc.\par
Some portions licensed from IBM are available at http://oss.software.ibm.com/icu4j/.\par
\par
SmartHeap\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
     Portions copyright 1991-1997 Compuware Corporation.  \par
     Portions copyright 1991-2002 Compuware Corporation\par
\par
Group JPEG\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
This software is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group.\par
\par
WindU\par
<<<<<<<<<<xilinx-separator>>>>>>>>>>\par
Portions Copyright (c) 1995 Bristol Technology Inc.  All Rights Reserved.\par
Portions Copyright (c) 1995 Microsoft Corporation.  All Rights Reserved.\par
\par
\par
2013.9.23\par
\par
}
 
